Thank you for being here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: We have someone from former students who have volunteered to be here to kind of answer that question of Oh, my goodness, what to expect that my final capstone presentation.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so, hopefully by now you have seen the outline for 35 ish slides for that final capstone presentation I haven't pulled up here not sure you're saying, if something is man it's also in the campus.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But without further ado, we will go ahead is going to be an open mind.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Well, let Michelle start with kind of her experience of how did it go without her final capstone presentation What was it like what kind of questions that they asked.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The attention.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then he didn't call us here in the classroom as well, oh we.
Michele Davis: Have howdy howdy.
Michele Davis: My name is Michelle Davis, as you have my respite from class of 2020.
Michele Davis: Min the real estate industry with my husband and my capstone was regarding predicting the base of the market so as I was preparing for.
Michele Davis: I was preparing for the capstone I really used a lot of the information from previous presentations to build my final slide deck and.
Michele Davis: I see that they already provided with the outline that outline will help you a lot to to stay on track stay focus make sure you follow it as much as possible.
Michele Davis: For your presentation, so that you can stay focused and that your message can be communicated to the audience effectively.
Michele Davis: Also.
Michele Davis: They have provided us with rob rubric that pretty much shows how many points are credited for what you know what what are they going to be looking for during your presentation so try to add just your presentation to.
Michele Davis: conform to those you know it'll tell you this will earn you four points, this will earn your three points, so that when I built my slide deck I built it keeping those things in mind, making sure that I address all those.
Michele Davis: requirements that the the the Board will be looking at.
Michele Davis: I would also say don't overdo your slides stick to the number they provided you know for my slide deck I had 33 slides I believe so, an average of one minutes per slide sort of when I was talking to them.
Michele Davis: And just enough information on the slides just to communicate the main point and to trigger your memory you don't want the slides to be to.
Michele Davis: You don't want the slides to be too.
Michele Davis: crowded yeah boys.
Michele Davis: avoid too much information on the slide deck so.
Michele Davis: Another thing I also did closer to the presentation was to practice through a zoom so I had my family.
Michele Davis: I have my family connect to us and, most of us already kind of familiar with how zoom operates, but I had them connect through zoom so that I could have the practice and the timing get my timing right.
Michele Davis: And also, for them to because they don't they don't have the background in analytics.
Michele Davis: So that helped me like if they didn't if they had any questions or something, then make sense, I will know that it will not make sense to a non technical.
Michele Davis: board, so I invited them to to provide feedback whether I liked it or not, and I really listen, I did not ignore anything they said because I knew that if they have questions, then that means that my presentation was too technical but um.
Michele Davis: I would say practice a lot use take advantage of all the tools that they provide you.
Michele Davis: The day of the presentation, make sure you get plenty of rest.
Michele Davis: That you select an area that's quiet no distractions that you have good Internet service.
Michele Davis: And it actually you know.
Michele Davis: They they had for me they asked only like three or four questions and they were mainly you know about how I felt about the project, why do I feel the main impacts of the project are.
Michele Davis: and any technical questions they would ask that that time.
Michele Davis: But really try to stick practice so that you can stick to your time because the time is you know it's very important that you stay to stick to your time.
Michele Davis: So that's that's it for me in general, you know what to expect.
Michele Davis: hey john you want to chime in on.
Ted Cang: ya know I I I wholeheartedly agree with everything that that Michelle did I think she did a great job of kind of summarizing kind of expectations on the day of your capstone I would just say.
Ted Cang: You know utilize your project coach as much as possible if there's any kind of gaps that you feel are missing from your capstone presentation definitely feel.
Ted Cang: Like you can reach out to them they're willing to help you in any way possible.
Ted Cang: I had Jamie for a project coach I don't know if he's you know.
Ted Cang: he's helping out this semester, but he.
Ted Cang: making himself available.
Ted Cang: I would also say.
Ted Cang: You know, be able to communicate kind of the tangible benefit that your project kind of brings you know, be able to explain some of the metrics on why you chose that or why you like chosen particular model.
Ted Cang: You know how you iterative iterative Lee and improved and kind of why you chose, you know, a certain metric to to kind of compare.
Ted Cang: Your different models so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Very good.
yeah okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: and
MS Analytics Class 2021: Further commentary, and I have to say when Ted said that he reached out and talk to us and in this forum address certain program I also did Dr hari Tom Jones.
MS Analytics Class 2021: My my Castle coaches very achievable helping getting to the point where a car, but.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Something.
MS Analytics Class 2021: He was keeping the on price in terms of the financial finish and how you got there what why you did what you did what we didn't do, and why you didn't do something or show something in your presentation.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Making that very relative to your audience being let's just say focus on the non technical because you will get technical because that's the nature of what this person does.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But you without getting an overbearing or technicality demonstrate what that has application to the real world so it's more relative to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Other strides but in your future presentation when you're going and going and showing your work we did get your data analytics types of job opportunities do the same thing, this is what i've learned in the past years since i've graduated.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is also something to keep in mind is, I have a lot of commentary with my team members current working immersion Program.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And we practice we practice our presentations to each other, giving giving points of interest things might want to work on how did you come across in your presentation to do some confident what you're saying, did you not convey your message well enough that kind of.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Use body language and intonation but other than that everything that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Michelle said is spot on what we all did and.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Michelle and Simon good way to be mentally very say your daily affirmations knowing that you're going to be well, and you will you'll be really well.
Ted Cang: yeah just just relax don't don't be too.
Michele Davis: And they know how to make you feel comfortable the board members will make you feel at ease, so you know don't stress too much about it, if you prepared in advance, you have the knowledge.
Michele Davis: Just make sure that you can think about what questions could they possibly asked me, you know, maybe get with some cohorts and say hey why Would you ask me if, if you were listening to this presentation.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And that's when your team members and collaborating.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Using That was a practice for helps to do that, and anybody that you can that's a knowledge is a great source of feedback because they'll tell you what did he said.
MS Analytics Class 2021: you've done the work it's just a matter of just putting putting it all together.
The hardest part.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The hardest part was editing out all the different philosophy I started out with roughly around 40 plus and I had to get it down because it was just way too worried, it was to juggle the message wasn't clear after shows other TEAM members.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It was knowing what to cut out and what not to cut out so that the presentation club and have an easier flow and being sure that what I didn't cut out I can run if needed, so when question would come from one of the Board and our panel members.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You why you cut something or why you didn't cut something, and that was the hardest part was for me, was to get it down within that 30 ish timeframe to present to the board and having a nice easy flow.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Do any of you.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Remember any specific questions they asked you.
But.
Michele Davis: yeah for me was one one was technical as to why I use particular.
Michele Davis: It was regarding some of my results, and you know what did I think about that particular result and.
Michele Davis: You know how how beneficial was the project for the industry that i'm in you know things like that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: One of the questions was.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Was the backstory on the data itself the melody what What was it, how was it comprise my cousin was based on survey for measuring customer satisfaction in crackers and national North Carolina.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So it was an interesting backstory just to explain that, and that was something that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: didn't really plan for, but because I knew that so well, I can tell that story or easily and make it translatable to to my audience and.
MS Analytics Class 2021: panel members, even so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Like I said, I think, also.
MS Analytics Class 2021: domain feel comfortable to talk about your project it's not going to be on any.
Michele Davis: And you got to understand that you been around that you have looked at that data so much that it pretty much becomes engraved so you will.
Michele Davis: know how to talk to it there's a reason that you selected the model that you selected there's a reason that you selected certain pieces of data, and when you why you.
Michele Davis: This regard at some you know you know the data, so if you as long as you have been in touch with your coach.
Michele Davis: And thought think about all the possible questions they could possibly ask about the data, then you should be fine.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Michelle mentioned her coach important visit coach on board signed off good.
MS Analytics Class 2021: job or I can answer that please as a coach as the capstone coach as a former student we're not gonna let you into that room until you're ready.
MS Analytics Class 2021: you're not ready tomorrow they're not ready or not gonna let you nourish yourself, so I mean that's when they can tell you, for a fact that's those true and I was in his in the program from 2014 to 2016 and yeah that's part of why they have us.
MS Analytics Class 2021: help you guys to do this.
MS Analytics Class 2021: capstone is to make you guys successful so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah.
Ted Cang: yeah.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I was watching.
Ted Cang: ya know Jamie he'll be quite quite a bit and say I am successful now because.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I was just.
MS Analytics Class 2021: wondering about 99% of people have their first attempt for those that don't pass the first attempt, they may be asked to go away and fix whatever isn't right right so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If your models not quite good enough they'll send you away for a few days to complete it or.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you just didn't answer some questions to their liking, the link to go back and study better answer, but for the most part.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Long as you've done due diligence in good shape.
Hermano Ferreira: yeah I have a question how, how is the presentation setup is it like you're lecturing it and then the questions are at the end or the questions asked as we present the slides.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is in the way that you would come in.
MS Analytics Class 2021: When they tell you Okay, you can start your presentation, no point one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: that's when we start off with your slides start off with your your oral.
MS Analytics Class 2021: and say then might ask a question, just to clarify something in case you didn't some say something or explaining something very.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Detailed they may ask you about something like that, but then i'm going to drill down into your presentation till after the fact that are like you go through your presentation first you complete your your thought process and then focus on what happened.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So.
Michele Davis: yeah for For me, there was only one time, when I guess.
Michele Davis: There was a comment that was made during the presentation, or they just needed clarification, but it was very brief.
Michele Davis: And then they allow me to proceed with the with the presentation, but i'm normally they will ask all questions i'll let you do everything, and if they have any questions they'll write it down and then they'll ask it at the end.
MS Analytics Class 2021: We want to build.
MS Analytics Class 2021: interrupt you because you said that you practice it you're ready to go, you know give you a chance to present it in a glass yeah I try not to interrupt and that's also why slide numbers are important, make sure you've got number number your slide so we could say okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Make sure you got.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Something out to, that is, when I was editing all my slides I didn't just discard them I kept them supporting documentation in case I got asked about it, so I show what is why now Whatever the case may be, so it's almost as important as what you present versus what you don't.
MS Analytics Class 2021: it's good to have anything available to show such as life, like, for example, the code behind the models are important if that's part of your presentation it's honestly not generate trust.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Think about this way here go sit in front of your VP or Director or you're saying, let me share this model here's the Python right hearings on my list for me like.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This thinking with that I think that's cool yeah.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You go back here you go this is tomorrow show me the code.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The directors, the VP or somebody that I can see unless it's like the director of coding or something tractor the data science where.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You might want to see it, but they got this presentation here, for your business users worldwide as models by this project, they don't want to see one line of code.
MS Analytics Class 2021: They want to see the fruits of your Labor.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So thank you, if you need to drop off feel free to appreciate you joining us tonight.
Michele Davis: Okay Thank you so much for the invite and the lack everybody on your presentations i'm actually at my son's basketball game.
Michele Davis: Thank you.
i'm sure.
Speaking.
Ryan David: i've got a question oh.
Ryan David: I have a question dude, it is a class of 2020 minutes here tonight, did you guys have data sets that were not work related.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Yes, my is completely out of my scope out of my comfort zone, I am the product controls director well COs protocols.
MS Analytics Class 2021: from trade in all gas and my name is that was like I said survey data from three different craft breweries in asheville North Carolina.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So it was.
MS Analytics Class 2021: One a learning lesson, but it was really invaluable for me to see how.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I can put this big puzzle together without depending on industry knowledge or something of that aspect I came in other than a common sort of craft beer for a while.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That was the only background that I had so I was very dependent on.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The different people that I can verify, you know this metadata servers or you know, whatever this was I did I reach out to one of the teachers who had a colleague.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Who was one of the internal people in getting my day to organize because it was his background in.
MS Analytics Class 2021: hospitality so to answer your question long story short, no, I did not how it is, in my industry all.
Ryan David: Right, thank you, it just a follow up to that so when you presented the business value or the value to your employer, I know that's been a theme of the program having to.
Ryan David: Present present back given right it's not a direct benefit to your employer.
MS Analytics Class 2021: For me, and I presented the transferable skills and business I couldn't I couldn't win the, whether direct them towards our company our business our nation.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And that really was utilizing the different tools how.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Performance statistical model, how to utilize tableau power bi SAS Python our seminar, but those benefits were in something that I still use also in today.
MS Analytics Class 2021: has been instrumental in my career path, but that's where they saw the value.
MS Analytics Class 2021: For what I did in this program but the firm overall has so many the ramification.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah i'll give you an example there, we had a Gal who worked at an athlete like accounts payable and she did a predictive model on.
MS Analytics Class 2021: How folks we're going to pay on time but also how to take a process that took a couple of weeks down to a couple of days and basically her value to the company was based on how many staff hours were saved.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so you take those hours will fight by raping people, and that was the estimated value, and it was a monthly value right so then she multiplied it by 12 to get that value of cost savings to her company.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That helped a little bit.
Ryan David: It does.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Something else i'm.
Just.
MS Analytics Class 2021: In terms of benefit for future years I shared my cat so after I presented to the to the panel and with different friends and different columns.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And started a little side because because they are also in a hospitality related industry, he went in the hill country and.
MS Analytics Class 2021: With what I showed in terms of overall customer satisfaction, was the variables that proved to be strongest in that in that correlation of customer satisfaction.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So we started working on another project indirectly because of that, so the burden can be it can it can really go in directions that you didn't present platform as a pleasant surprise, to be honest.
MS Analytics Class 2021: awesome i'll just say one other thing you guys saw the schedule their back to back there are some days, where Dr hail is doing this for many hours in a row.
MS Analytics Class 2021: When it's your time spot show up on time, for your time slot otherwise you're just hurting yourself, because if you're scheduled for one o'clock and you show up at.
MS Analytics Class 2021: guess what we're done it too, because we got somebody else showing up so don't hurt yourself and show up late make sure you show up on time, for your capstone projects.
MS Analytics Class 2021: awesome looking at Adrian around.
MS Analytics Class 2021: We appreciate you very much.
Ted Cang: Thank you.
Ted Cang: Mayra I just like to say this transcript.
Ted Cang: feature on zoom is much better.
Ted Cang: I would have appreciated having you when we were in you know where we were going through the Program.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Outstanding Thank you, thank you.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Thank you soon people yeah.
Ted Cang: it's a great it's a great enhancement.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Thank you, thanks for noticing.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That we had a question she said, we have a rubric before the final presentation.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So what that report was in that particular year we were assessing technical presentation skills, and so this particular year we are not assessing that but I can certainly share that with me.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Most you know if you need a checklist or you're trying to figure out what we're looking for this page that I have up there for you, for the chapters and the slides that if you can check off every single one of those little bullet points you should be in good shape.
MS Analytics Class 2021: For your chair previous classes customer.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Absolutely that's a great question so hopefully by now everybody knows on our Ms analytics website there's there's probably 12 to 15 examples out there, right now, i'm at least a couple from last year some that are older, but very same.
MS Analytics Class 2021: format what's out there is probably their peer presentation version which is sanitized and sure that it will give you a really good idea for a director you willing to share yours.
Karen Fireman: I would actually Adrian because we keep getting the sanitized short versions, I would really love it's Karen fireman I would really love it if we can see a real full version that would be really wonderful if you could send it to all of us, I think.
Karen Fireman: That would be fantastic and, secondly, I was going to ask you myra I thought I saw another version of this sheet originally somewhere in the beginning.
Karen Fireman: Was there another version that had even more detailed than this or am I just remembering wrong on these slide numbers, I feel like I feel like this it was different and with points, did they say there's a rubric.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And the only previous version of this that I saw have tba for dates, so I updated that for you guys.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Because they're not CPA their their on silver.
Karen Fireman: No, I don't.
Karen Fireman: I don't mean a date I mean this list of slide chapters was there, another version of this that we had before.
MS Analytics Class 2021: y'all can jog my memory, but I don't think so.
Karen Fireman: What about the rubric that Michelle was talking about is that a possibility of getting that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This was, from your very first.
submission okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So we were trying to figure out you had a good problem.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That it was just showing me his scoring rubric that he got back from I believe it was probably his you know his one pager or his first submission.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Jamie You might recall this it basically says yes good to go it needs some refining or this business problem will simply not work that's a different thing.
Karen Fireman: that's not the rubric.
Karen Fireman: yeah Michelle was referring to a rubric where she geared her her presentation to it this many points for this, and this many points for that planning for the future that Michelle referred to in her talk just now.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Yes, that was the assessment rubric that I refer to that we are not doing this year, but I will share.
Karen Fireman: Okay, thank you go ahead and understand Okay, thank you.
Karen Fireman: So you'll get us both the presentation from Adrian and the non important rubric Thank you.
MS Analytics Class 2021: couple of questions on the chat one how about.
MS Analytics Class 2021: From our company is that necessary.
MS Analytics Class 2021: At this stage, no, so the final capstone presentation is just your three Committee people so it's Dr hail, as the capstone.
MS Analytics Class 2021: it's your project coach and then it's either together or I if Dr hail happens to also be your project coach, then you get both have here and.
MS Analytics Class 2021: that's how that works if your employers are interested in seeing your capstone and others capstones.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That kind of ties into that employer survey that I had out there for you to invite them to peer presentations in May and those care presentations are sanitized versions that can be shared openly.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And there is a different kind of a slide limit for that that will be shared, shortly after we get done with final capstone and basically what you're doing is just kind of stripping out some of your spots, making it shorter.
Karen Fireman: Yes, i'm.
Zuberi, Bilal Mustafa: Mara thanks thanks for that clarification on peer presentation it wasn't that clear but it's now, so thank you very much.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Other questions do you have about.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Your presentations because we don't get very much time to talk about those.
Karen Fireman: I actually had one more question I i've seen the three award winners in the Community section with the.
Karen Fireman: You said there were 12 of them somewhere i'm missing that Am I looking in the wrong place on the campus.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah it's our main website i'll send a link.
Karen Fireman: Okay, thanks.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then from amanda she's wondering if there's a guy on how much time we should improve it and then how much time to go our question.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Yes, so the entire thing is one hour so usually we say take about 40 minutes to present and leave about 15 to 24 questions.
and
MS Analytics Class 2021: your presentation is less than 3040 minutes that's fine because it's not about like the time it's about you getting your point across and making it relative to your is that's festival support.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Because i'm mine was about 25 minutes.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Any other questions in the chat.
MS Analytics Class 2021: All right, thank you guys very much we'll turn it over to Jay.
Karen Fireman: Thank you, thank you great Thank you Thank you Thank you so much.
Swanson J, Charles Richard: Thank you.
Right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Yes, indeed.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Say for.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The.
MS Analytics Class 2021: get started.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I didn't even know until.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Hello.
MS Analytics Class 2021: finicky.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Yes, credit my voice is not clear, because my mind was not coming on now it's all.
MS Analytics Class 2021: up, so let me get logged in now that they're off this machine.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I think we're going to see that and i'm.
MS Analytics Class 2021: going to move all of you loving people over here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: so that you can see the slides.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But before we see the slides actually printed this out us, so let me get it done.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Does anybody else have 5000 passwords they have to remember.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The password is didn't type it right apparently first.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I thought, but I did alright so let's get started, now, if you remember from our last class, we talked about docker and all these cool things and.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I believe it was was it Craig mentioned that and we install docker SAS so i'm going to show you how to fix that it's very easy.
MS Analytics Class 2021: On Monday night in a work session we're trying to get to work and then after homework section I was texting with Karen and she and I are able to get it fixed together and I got to learn a doctor does something a little different.
MS Analytics Class 2021: With your host file and in in prior versions some I guess they knew they actually edit your host follow retirement starts up, and so the fix I had to do the reason why it didn't work, this is when you reboot your machine docker replace that line and the host ball so i'm going to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: show you how to fix that and so what I do in the chat is i'm going to show you give you the path.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To where we're going to go that way you can cut and paste it easily to get into it, and that was to have any kind of follow on with me.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The fixture docker so that it doesn't affect your host file so that your.
MS Analytics Class 2021: doctor installation doesn't break your staff.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So what's his location for host.
MS Analytics Class 2021: to fix docker issue with i'm just typing in the chat if you.
want to know i'm talking.
issue with sauce.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And that is here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that's what we're going to go we're open that up with notepad plus plus so what me.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I come over here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Am I zoom in I just put this path.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And chat and what you want to do is you can just I would just open up notepad plus plus.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i'll go in there we're going.
MS Analytics Class 2021: to open up notepad plus plus and then just go to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: file right here, open and just do file open.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then, if you take that path that I put in the chat.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You can paste it right here in this little spot up here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And when you do that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You should have something that looks like this.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Everybody with me.
MS Analytics Class 2021: When I do this, just because I want to make sure that i'm not breaking SAS because a you will use SAS after the second half of the Semester.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But hate for one of you not to do this now and fix is because, even though you might not be using SAS for your capstone project you'll definitely want 100% use SAS and the model for the optimization half of this course, so I want to make sure we fix this before we go on.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It didn't break this last year I don't remember so but i'm glad those that played with it in the fall, let me know.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, once you get here there's you'll see you might you're going to see a host and then do you see this host ic s ignore the ice is one you just want this regular host file.
MS Analytics Class 2021: and select it and hit open.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And you show a follow up with similar this might look 100% like it, it might look everything might look the same except for right down here, you might have a different number than I do, right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Everybody with me.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Actually, so somebody asked should I start talking before away, you can do this now.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You can actually do this now this fits and then we install docker this fiction still stay in place docker won't touch what we're about to do so if you haven't installed docker already still play along with the you know play at home play at home play along with home game right now.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you haven't installed Dr already the change will make docker should not.
MS Analytics Class 2021: should not change this, I don't think it will, but you can always go back and check, but it shouldn't break what we're about to do it's just still work and then all your fast that all your stuff will work and Karen can get anything confirmed that this will fix it so everybody with me.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So sorry yeah sorry I didn't get the type this up earlier because I was it was driving me crazy so what's happening is just a little little lesson right here, if you remember last week, I had them put this local.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And here, at the end added local bottom line, so the problem is, is what i've learned from Monday night working with Karen.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That Dr all of a sudden now we'll edit this line every time it reboots and it will make it be 127 0012 ready soccer down in Title.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So when I had you had the local whoever it was last week and the local and they rebooted but it happened, is the reason why it didn't work is because that line got the local post got removed.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And that line got put back to this and that's why they work now the cool thing is it's a really easy fix so up here and these lines 21 through 20 right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You see this pounds, these are commented on right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: All we're going to do is go to those lines.
MS Analytics Class 2021: and remove.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The pound sign and after that power as a tab or to remove them.
MS Analytics Class 2021: and make them look like that can y'all see you're ready to make it zoom in a little bigger.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i'm sorry.
MS Analytics Class 2021: My zoom pro so funny.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So you're just going to move that pound and there's an APP for that pound there's a little tab alliance 20 and 21.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So remove those.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then everybody with me.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Good thanks for let me know you can see, and then, once you do that you're gonna hit the SAVE button, which is right up here at the top.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This one right here, or you can hit control after the new file save your hit the SAVE button, the third button in the top left.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And it's going to save that file now you're going to get a different message I get on it get on my machine here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And the reason why is because i'm an admin on this machine and so it's writing as admin your we get a message saying hey I can't save this file me to do this command as admin.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Is that what you got benny and and I think the prompt is yes to say yeah yeah so it's just say hey you can't save this foggy to be an admin do you want to do this as an admin and say, yes, and then you say yes it's going to shut down.
MS Analytics Class 2021: it's going to shut down notebook notepad plus plus it's going to restart it as admin you're still gonna have to hit save again so you hit save again, and this time you hit save it will actually actually save the file.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So right with me.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And Brian says it works Thank you so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Where I do a little less on IP addresses and MAC addresses and all that here in a second.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Just because they're kind of important when we talk about Cooper daddy's and docker and containers and things like that so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i'll give everybody a few minutes to see if that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The see if anybody had any issues or whatnot.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Good Ryan right good.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Good let me zoom and leave that up just for a few minutes.
MS Analytics Class 2021: 2021.
Wilson Pineda: I gave me.
This.
Wilson Pineda: Do you have to come in line 26.
MS Analytics Class 2021: or just leave it like that, you know don't leave leave by 26 as it is.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You might not know don't comment line 26.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That that you want that to still work, so the doctor scuffle work too so here's the cool thing, so let me show you so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If I take this what this is and what this host file is.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Is this host file says this IP address 127 001 goes to Cooper daddy's that docker internal but also have a lineup here that says this IP address goes a local host So if I.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Ping local hosts I get back here, you see this colon one one that's this that's that's also this local host thing.
MS Analytics Class 2021: it's just another it's another shortcut right here for this one on one, but if I were to paying.
MS Analytics Class 2021: A sheet, I thought I copied Cooper daddy's Cooper daddy's dot Dr P, is just a command like pink.
MS Analytics Class 2021: pink something so you see what I paying that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: See how it resolved to 127.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So it just goes to the top of the list, and the first instance it finds that's what it resolves to right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Actually, then it goes from bottom up, to be honest with you that's why resolve local host as colon colon one instead of that right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So what happened was is being commented out and all sudden made it 127 001 just be Dr Cooper daddy's got internal.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then that broke local host and so what's happening is you have in the SAS software it's running a service that's listening for at local host to that port 127.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Listening as local host so it's right on your machine so local host is just a reserve word in the hole in DNS, which is the domain name service it's a reserve word that means the machine you're on right so and always resolves to this 127 dot zero dot zero dot one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: so few few want to know technically what that is that's an IP version for Internet Protocol address, whatever their range from zero to 255.
MS Analytics Class 2021: dot and then you know, whatever you're 25 3035 So those are your IP addresses so and so that's that's a reserved IP address 127 dot zero dot zero dot one is always going to be to the machine that you're on.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To the local host but, for whatever reasons and Cooper daddy's decided to and docker decided to create this super docker sock internal to there and broke, a lot of crap so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That will fix your problem, everybody good.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So thanks for those you that guaranteed Karen thanks for working with me and.
MS Analytics Class 2021: and
MS Analytics Class 2021: Getting that fixed i'm gonna close that out, you have my cell phone if, for some reason you weren't able to play along with me tonight you try to do it later and something breaks just text me we'll get a sense.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So real quick, let me do one other thing, just a quick Internet lesson for those of you know, because it's kind of relevant to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: What we're going to do tonight around Cooper daddy's so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Let me just minimize that window and then show you something real quick and then we will move on, so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If I type the command IP config and you don't have to do all this.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I might get some information, this is a windows command and get some information about this machine.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i'm going to get the IP address, so this is the actual local IP address of this machine i'm again an IP version six local address.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And that's going to tell me, you know the information about the IP address of this machine, although, let me try something real quick, I want to try this on this local machine.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Not the one in the cloud I think it's obscuring.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Actually, I know it is sorry, I want to add a command, I want to do IP config slash off.
MS Analytics Class 2021: that's why, why do.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, and the reason I want to do that is because I said, give me a little more information right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so what it's going to tell me is.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The IP address it's going to give me this physical dress.
MS Analytics Class 2021: it's going to give me.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so what this is is whenever you go to the Internet and you go to like google.com right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: that's a domain name right that's the main service that runs on in, and they have going name servers all across the Internet right so when you type Google COM it knows, to go to ww.google.com.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And that name resolves to an IP address and so that's that you know that 127 dot zero dot zero dot one that's the local IP address that's always reserved for your local machine, but your machine has physical IP addresses so in this case, this one's 192 dot 168 to 1797.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And there's also a so that's IP version for there's also a product called standard that's IP version six why because IP version for is you have those four numbers and there between zero and 255 So if you do the math you know it's 255.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To you know, to the exponent of forcing you have so many IP addresses, you can have right, and so, so now the main.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know, for more IP addresses they created this version six standard it's actually always called hexadecimal not based and don't worry about learning all this there's no tasks there's no.
MS Analytics Class 2021: there's really matter to you per se IP six precisely for the main thing to notice when you go to like google.com that resolves to an IP address and then IP or just.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Eventually resolves to MAC addresses now, the thing to note is when we start talking about Cooper daddy's in a minute we're talking about clustering technology.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And we're going to have an external IP addresses facing us, but behind the scenes that could be hundreds of nodes running.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That when you go that one IP address it knows it knows how to route to all those different hundreds of nodes to serve out like docker container.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, but that's just that's just a little bit about how the Internet works in case you never know, but like when you go to Google icon that resolves to an IP addresses and IP address then resolves.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To MAC addresses now with today's technology with virtualization and clustering all that that IP addresses usually a logical IP address.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That masquerades in front of a controller that says hey you came into here, Google doesn't have one web server right don't you know google.com and Amazon COM and Microsoft COM.
MS Analytics Class 2021: apple.com all these huge companies don't just have one physical box running for google.com I mean it's millions, if not billions, I mean.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I mean it's millions, if not billions and containers that are running the serve that out, but it still has to resolve to one IP address and so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That IP address goes through that controller that knows how to spread that IP address across all the different instances that spun up to serve the billions of people trying to hit the services.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so, but you know you have a name that's a DNS name, whether it be Google COM, or whatever that machine name is that resolves to an IP address that IP address knows how to route it and the Internet to to the.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To the to the machine.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And in today's world you know when you're dealing it's usually not one physical machine that IP addresses a logical address pointing to some.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Some device and knows how to route it to all the different clusters things behind it so basically what you do when you get to like a new website whatever you tell it to do it decide which direction to go with it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Whatever yeah so so here's one of the things that was brilliant about Google when Google started I I was actually the training classes work for Oracle corporation at the time.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And Google was originally built on 1000 Linux machines running and.
MS Analytics Class 2021: it's it just in a data Center and they had an oracle databases in the back end is all our Linux.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And what Google did is they wanted to be super fast so back this was like 99 2000 when Google first start came out and I went to training class with the red hat Linux.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Training class and instructor instructor was like you guys to check out this new search engine Google it's going to be really big and back then, it was altavista.
MS Analytics Class 2021: altavista Yahoo, these are all the big ones right, but when you went through they had these really fat pages like when you go to Yahoo, now I I know if I go Yahoo COM, it looks like.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It looks like I agree, I This is like being right you're fat is you know it popped up like that, because we had super super fascinating but in 2000.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know, I was the one dialogue, probably at my house right and so when they Google real popular was they didn't have the image there and what I am I just said, Google really small.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then, it had the bar it's like what you see here, and that was what made it really brilliant for them is it was so lightweight get there, so like what you're asking but it's like when you go there.
MS Analytics Class 2021: When you hit just www www.google.com you know there's in today's world they're gonna be having containers that's the homepage container, and so it knows us coming through that knows the route you to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The homepage container for saying so, show you that now behind the scenes, you can log in you got signing off stuff.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so there's other stuff on this page is happening so it's going to hit the sign in a container, so to speak, i'm simplifying.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But you know it's going to hit the signing container to make sure you're signed in if you're signing we're all the resources that go with that right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: There can be multiple services behind the scene that are running that now, and those containers are going to be in a cluster and it's gonna be thousands of biasi billions.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But we'll talk about I think Google in 2016 a weak spot up with 2 billion containers a week, just to support google's operations in 2016.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So you think about the machine we created that docker image and spinning up a container we had it running Google Google like 2016 2017 with Spain up.
MS Analytics Class 2021: 2 billion new ones, a week to support their business.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so that's and so you think about scale, how do you manage that right, and how do you have software to manage that that's for Cooper daddy's comes into play.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay, I said i've seen it out like to and here's the cool thing i'm not gonna make you set up a Cooper daddy's cluster everything I teach you tonight.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You don't you don't have to get tested on it's not going to be a project so don't worry not same time Dr asleep there'll be finally cool.
MS Analytics Class 2021: you'll learn some cool stuff and what you'll learn is how these techniques can be useful for you, so when you get in.
MS Analytics Class 2021: In your business and you're not using these things you want to expand the concepts and you might not be the person trying to do that, but you can say hey Look, we need to serve out.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Your application is still a lot of people, how do I scale it up well I learned and then about two readings, I learned about the cloud I learned about how I can scale.
MS Analytics Class 2021: At I can scale the cloud like start small scale out big as needed I can shrink that's The other thing about the cloud.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know we're talking more about the cloud next week to, but one of the vantage is of the cloud is the fact that you have Alaska city.
MS Analytics Class 2021: it's very elastic, meaning that I can scale up when I needed and I can scale down why don't.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And I only get charged for what I use, whereas when you're running physical machines, you know physical.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Physical hardware in a data Center at your office you have to basically know, I have to scale up to this capacity at this point in time off the purchase all that hardware, to be able to do that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And if if you're only busy like once a year for, year in and that takes up 100 you know takes up let's say 100,000 transactions, a second to support your in close, but the rest of the year 2020 transactions, a second and so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: huge scale your sister sister to sits there idle right the most part you're using a little part of it, but you guys spend all that money.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To scale it up just to support that you're in closed process and we do we've done this, historically and in business, a lot right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know, being an IT it's a lot of what we had to do the cloud kind of help change that dynamic, so that you can say hey I can run it like this, nine absolute times as I need it and that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: 1% when needed, like this, I can literally turn the dial in the cloud and skills it up runs and then I can scale it down, you know i'm Amazon cyber Monday.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You don't feel good about upgrading hardware know it does it all for you in the cloud right and we're going to talk more about cloud next week, but we're talking cloud tonight we're talking about Cooper daddy's.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And we're gonna i'm a DEMO it and azure cloud for you now, you know i'm getting ahead of myself i'm kind of setting the stage right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, since we're talking about IP addresses and fixing them for your thing you know when we, the reason the reason why i'm talking about this is when I.
MS Analytics Class 2021: deploy this Cooper daddy's cluster there's going to be multiple nodes multiple pieces of hardware behind the scenes serving all this out.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But this application review the red wine quality application when I started this application out here, I see at the end there's just one IP address for that application.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so, when I go to that one IP address behind the scenes, and we have multiple servers serving this out in this Cooper daddy's cluster but the APP is put out through this one IP address right and so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: that's just kind of the concepts on to understand, not all you know you're at it you're like me, you don't have to worry about necessarily what IP address, and all that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: What I want you understand why would I use Cooper 90s and we're going to talk more about it, as we go through night.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But you know why would I why don't you know about docker why don't you know about Cooper daddy's well The short answer is is if I want to in today's world.
MS Analytics Class 2021: be able to be elastic and the scale out and deploy my applications rapidly and.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And where I can manage it, the technology we have today that does that is Cooper daddy's and docker containers it's the standard that we.
MS Analytics Class 2021: it's the it's the standards in the software that we have today that people are adopting and they're all open standards, you know we'll talk about that what that means, but.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Any questions as far as how the vpn works so cable so vpn is just a tunnel, so all the vpn is is your company's network is private behind firewalls.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so, if you need to get to your company's network to do stuff.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You have to be able to tunnel vpn tunnel your vpn tunnel, you have to be able to tunnel through that firewall to get into your company's network in a secure manner.
MS Analytics Class 2021: so that you can work that's what a vpn is a virtual private network and so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know your company sitting behind a firewall need to get to it, so they have software that knows how to do an encrypted.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Virtual private network connection into your office make that connection, and so that you're going through this secure pipe and it's secure it's all encrypted people that way people can you know put.
MS Analytics Class 2021: sniffers on the on the on the router sniffer on the network that you're on and see your passwords in clear text so your data in clear text it's all encrypted so they have to break down in production.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that's what a vpn to do so when you're sitting in the hotel and you know you got to get to the office we don't want that, just to be open for anybody who's sitting on the hotel, you know networks will sniff it out find out what you don't so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Alright cool there's a little like it DNS or little networking kind of thing just to kind of.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Get people kind of up to speed, if you didn't quite a few haven't heard those terms, before right how that works so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: let's get started so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I think I accidentally close very close up my PowerPoint like where to go.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So do a little bit of PowerPoint and then.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So what am I do is i'm going to do a docker view i'll show you that red wine docker thing again that we talked about at the end walk through that again.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Just do a real doctor and if I take a break and i'll go over Cooper daddy's and then i'll show you how we can deploy Cooper daddy's clusters and how that works and that should get us to the rest of the two hours we have so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: All right, so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So here's the outline talk about json mo you've seen all of these already, but just wanted to put some links talk about on the second do a docker refresher.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then we'll talk about docker container registry I mentioned docker hub last week but i'll show you how you can use it i'll talk about azure container registry, so this is a docker registry and azure.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I can push my docker image like built into azure into the container registry, so that I can use that docker image and the azure cloud.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I can push it the docker hub and make it available to any value that has access to docker hub.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Or, I can push it to the outer container registry and make it available in the azure cloud or you'll see you can even serve it out it's just.
MS Analytics Class 2021: it's an open standard well we'll talk more about it but we'll talk about what these container industries are where you can you can publish these docker images you built into these registries.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then we'll go into what is Cooper daddy's and how it works and then show you how Cooper daddy's works unnatural.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now I won't show you a Google or Amazon, but they both have to burn any services, you know i'm a supervisor, because, as the one I know the best.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then be is the one that I know I have, I have money for it that's already given to me to you, so if you think about it it's a cluster there's a lot of.
MS Analytics Class 2021: behind the scenes, making all this happen, and so the cost a little bit of money and so as yours, I want to have but Google has gk E and then I forget what the azure I mean amazon's they miss anybody to aws.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I use it, I know my brain just went blank but Amazon has their own Cooper nettie service that you can use to publish a docker containers.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Like Cooper nettie anybody is watching the the translation at the border, but bottom whatever time I say Cooper daddy's it's Cooper nettie so he's right that time alright cool.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So json now where have you seen json in class.
Karen Fireman: We use.
Karen Fireman: It we use it in DR jones's class.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So we're we're in this class and you seem json.
Karen Fireman: Oh, we had a safe stuff and then we save stuff in two weeks ago, and one of one of those iris files are people files or something.
MS Analytics Class 2021: No so we're thinking about Dr last last question for you, Dr and then work, did you remember, where I had that json.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i'll pull it up let's just show you.
So.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And the last guy.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And it was in the test runs.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, if you remember.
MS Analytics Class 2021: In the test scripts.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The number right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: we're going to be important json.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And if you remember, we did this json dumps and we set this dictionary, this is not so much json formatted yet, but this json dumps We said we said this dictionary in there and then the json format is what sends send that in as a json right but technically, this is out, based on what so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It looks like a dictionary in Python but that's all Jason notation This is our resulting side and the reason why json is important to note, no is it stands for Java Java script serialization javascript object notation.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And it was invented because it's super lightweight so the technology that people use a lot before that was called xml eXtensible markup language.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And it was really, really fast what I mean by that is there's a lot of texts in there and make that markup language and so whenever the Internet started getting more and more popular.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then people started building like these rest services like we did with flask so that we can send data to it and get data back and things like that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know if I needed to send a couple lines of code and and my text format was more than bashful data I was trying to set it be really fast.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so it was really thick and so we wanted to do just they wanted somebody wanted to create a standard to make it super lightweight to interchange data and these rest services across the Internet right and so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: They they traded the service and just kind of like zoom.
MS Analytics Class 2021: zoom and start working on here, but this is the bottom, I can kind of see i'm sorry.
MS Analytics Class 2021: At the wrong form on the bottom right and kind of see example of what it looks like, but you have this really brackets, and then you just have these key value pairs so there's these two types of structures there's a collection of.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Name value pairs so you know they fit in an employee ID and then you have another name value pair personnel, but then it takes them.
MS Analytics Class 2021: A list of more name value pairs right and so that's this idea of json and so it's super lightweight you also have ordered list of values and those will be separated by brackets so like the the brackets you see his list and in.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And in Python right, so you can also have that json but the thing thing to note here is the structure with these curly brackets, and the same value pairs.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so, all you need to know for our class is how to send the json dumps for your independent variables to go in to send that data into that your flash rest service can send you back a response.
MS Analytics Class 2021: which gets up your output right so and you can see right here, this is telling us our application type is json.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that makes sense.
MS Analytics Class 2021: it's just a simple notation a super lightweight with these key value pair so I can send my.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so, and that's what this is this json dumps this, this is actually my json file right, so I have zero and then zero value.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Is this other object with name value pairs which is line zero and then one and then to some sending these three lines of code in there.
MS Analytics Class 2021: As json to my class service it gets that json data and sending back the result from that rest service I just pray it out in this test case here right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And the real world you're gonna build an application that does that so those of you have taken Dr Jones you like it's the last week, usually T kenter.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To build an application you're calling a service, you can build application that way, it might be a web application.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know it's more than likely if you're using docker containers to build your services you're actually going to build a web application that sits in a docker container that's going to be consuming your container for your service that you build your glass over sin with your mom so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right Jason that makes sense.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Jason kilar next.
MS Analytics Class 2021: spring.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I prefer Cooper daddy's.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay, so get back to the slide.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then yeah so we saw the am aware, where we see animal hopefully everybody saw the animal because y'all had attorney mo following with your homework right so when we built our.
MS Analytics Class 2021: kind of environment had you export the animals that's the format that kinda uses the word to fall out, but the animal stands for the mo a markup language.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The funny thing is, people will say animal stands for yet another markup language and markup language and the guy that has been in the am or Gal remember the guy or girl.
MS Analytics Class 2021: knows, like a solid markup language saml stands for the mo ain't markup language it's just a human friendly data serialization standard DC is key name value pairs but I mean you can kind of see how it looks on the bottom is just pretty simple here and they here's a.
MS Analytics Class 2021: here's a name and here's the value there's a name and then the value is some more main values right and just simple how it's nested in there right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so, in the cloud and in today's world yam will files are used very heavily for configuration files so like the configuration file, let me export or con environment.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Was the mo and that had, if you remember it into like the name of the environment, the version of Python all the packages and the versions of those packages.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that when I went in to kind of create and gave it the name of that file, if you read all those specs from that gamble file and create my own environment.
MS Analytics Class 2021: make sense, everybody good.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah so Charles it looks like json without the squiggly brackets, and all that and you're pretty much absolutely right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So you saw the slide last week so i'm not going to go and read the slide again, but what is docker.
MS Analytics Class 2021: it's it's all containerization service is the way to it's our service to take a piece of software and package, it up and this really tight tiny lightweight microservice that we can run as a container.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then tonight we're talking about where we can run that can take.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Besides, just in DR on your local machine right we're talking about how we can take on that container and Cooper daddy's next week we'll talk about how we can run that container.
MS Analytics Class 2021: A couple other ways in the cloud one way where Microsoft creates the container for you from your Python code.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And spins up and then another way we're talking about where I can just take my container and take my docker image and run it as a container instance by itself, and as your as your containers so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But everybody get just a basic concepts of docker or, at least as far as docker as why we use docker you know allows us to take that Python code.
MS Analytics Class 2021: package, it up and it doesn't have to be flat right this doesn't have to be fast, this is, after the Python doctor is can be used to package any type of software like I mentioned earlier, you know you might have.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Your website written not in Python if you're writing an essay C sharp.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is a Microsoft language and they can be packaged up in a docker container and ronnie Cooper daddy's, just like the docker container we created for the one one call if you run.
MS Analytics Class 2021: In Cooper natives are running docker and that can serve up your website right that's just the way to take software package, it up in the super lightweight image that we can run as a container so that we can serve our data so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So the image, so I just want to talk we'll talk again about this concept to really kind of nailing down, so the image is this is our software bill right, this is has all the information of how we put this offer together what what what oh so we're going to use to build our.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Our docker image all the code, you know the requirements file if you saw ours were, but what scripps go run to set up our environment, like in this case, since we're using Python.
MS Analytics Class 2021: packages we're gonna install our Python environment and then at the end you know around the docker file or image what's the command we're going to run when we start up this docker images container.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And what, what are the commands are going to run to actually make this application run and, if you remember the bottom of docker file open up again in a second but it had that command one file there that ran our image right, so we look just real quick at the docker file.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i'll just go to the red wine one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Like.
MS Analytics Class 2021: that emerged from this is going to grab it a month to image, the Python three six and at the bottom, you know, this is the command we're going to run, so this information is stored in that image, but that command doesn't run at the bottom and those other stuff doesn't run until we actually.
MS Analytics Class 2021: start our container right and still we actually launched our container that bottom line is what gets run when that container launches right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That makes sense.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so the thing about these images.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Typically.
MS Analytics Class 2021: When we build as images once you have a good versus image that we don't have to keep building this image right we build it once and then we can start stop or containers, as we need right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so let's have a good bill, we can then keep it on our machine and then that started off as a container to run it when we need it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then we'll talk about later on the night like I mentioned earlier, how we can take this image and push it into a container registry say in azure or Google or aws.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, for those of you that might not know it, as your Google aws when I say those terms, I forget on it there, but Google cloud so Google cloud is the the clouds software and data centers in the cloud for Google that has a bunch of services out there, that you can use to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To do all kinds of stuff right and one of them want to talk about tonight is Google Cooper daddy's a gk eat so they have a instance of Google.
MS Analytics Class 2021: piece of they have a platform and Google that support Cooper daddy's but, so I say Google, I mean in terms of cloud, I mean Google cloud and so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Those are Dr Jones and then he play with Google cloud a couple weeks ago and homework for it but but yeah when I say Google, I mean.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The services every google's data centers that are better open for you, with software to go and do things and then, as your Microsoft azure microsoft's.
MS Analytics Class 2021: cloud services that provides different things for you, that aws Amazon web services so Amazon actually started with cloud, so to speak, as far as like.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Providing businesses and industries with platform in the cloud to use to build out your application build your business and do all kinds of stuff you know.
MS Analytics Class 2021: One of the things that allowed a lot of.com and the last you know 10 years or so, to really rapidly grow really, really fast because.
MS Analytics Class 2021: they're able to just spin up in the cloud resources they need put their applications on there and go so somebody who, with an idea I have no idea.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Who doesn't know much about technology.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know, they can they can get started with these technologies pretty easily and the cloud and get going, so when you hear me say aws hear me say azure as a Google.
MS Analytics Class 2021: form of the cloud and just talking about the resources that Microsoft Google and Amazon provide for you to use and cloud, so I think basically competitors.
MS Analytics Class 2021: competitors right, you know so yeah I mean they're they're all competitors, you know so when it comes to that space right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So amazon's the largest because they started a long time ago, so I mean they started in as far as even providing the service people in the mid like 2004 or five six range.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I can remember when they first went public with their resources people use when I was at a conference and a friend of mine worked for Amazon.
MS Analytics Class 2021: He was an oracle db Oracle database administrator and he was working for Amazon web services to help package like Oracle and sequel server has things in the Amazon web services for people to use this was like 2000 789 10 that finally, he was working with them so that long ago so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So off the cloud back on now, the images, this is our software build this is all that stuff that docker file say this is how our packages together so that I can run my code with that one line at the end there to then create and run it as a container right so that's kind of that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: process, you see here, where I take an image I build it and then I take that image and I use the docker run command to run that image as a container now later on the night i'm going to show you how you take that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: container push it into the Red Sea and that last column here that registry calm we're talking about these registry column here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right, so you how you have an image you build it, you can push it into this registry and then, once it's in this registry, I can then run that image as a container and the other services when talking about Cooper Cooper daddy's.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You can actually push your image, so you can actually build your image and push it to the.
MS Analytics Class 2021: likes a docker hub for example as an image up there and then, when you run the doctor on demand, instead of.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Pulling your image locally from the bills, you did on your machine, you could actually say docker run and pull your image from the container registry in the cloud, and so, if you remember.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And that docker, if you remember and.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Last week, and it's also in this week's downloads.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I kind of gave you the stock or command tests.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And you can see right here at the bottom right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right shows you how to publish a docker image is that big enough for you all to see, so you can see where I can.
MS Analytics Class 2021: easily commands and say hey i'm going to build the image someone do the docker docker image, maybe the doctor will command and all my image and then I can tag it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To push it up to docker hub, in this case docker hub, which is Mike and this case, it will use the docker hub, but my container registry and then I can push it through that container registry, if you did that last line of code there, you can see what I did a doctor on at the end, right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay Doc and 0.1 is right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Or you see right here a boy and i'm like really a good boy, let me see right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: right here, this is where i'm saying hey.
MS Analytics Class 2021: get it from this case my doctor home where I published it, whereas the differences when you see their own here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You see the name here doesn't have you know doesn't have this extra docker it in this version thing right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So this is this is smart the software smarter than know that hey i'm looking for a local image called friendly Hello 36 rest the line down here and i'll run through these commands and a little bit just to show you.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This command and saying hey I don't actually have to build the image.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Local on my machine, I can actually go and run images that are up in the up in the docker hub or in a container registry, I used to the docker run to me, and as long as I have access to that hub into that container container registry.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I can just have my docker run command download that image from the registry and running and so the reason why this is important understand is i'm going to build my red wine.
MS Analytics Class 2021: docker image and then i'm going to tag it with that tag command and i'm going to push it into what's called an agile container registry, so I talked about docker hub.
MS Analytics Class 2021: that's that free there you can pay to use as well registry the doctor has docker hub, as your has container registry and then you can create your own container registry to publish a docker images in.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i'm going to take and push my docker image into that container registry and azure, and the reason being is because I want to run a Cooper daddy's cluster and azure and I need to can I need that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I want to run docker containers on that Cooper daddy's clusters why need an image, so that my Cooper daddy's cluster can get to it and so that's why this push concept of being able to push.
MS Analytics Class 2021: publish these images docker images into container registry is important and so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i'm going to say there's a bunch of times, just because I wanted to kind of sink in it's the idea of I build the image and then I take that image and run as container.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But I can take an image and push it into the cloud into a container registry and then, once it's in that container registry.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I can then use it and run it in in the cloud in different places, or I can pull it back from the cloud down in my local machine and run it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So we're gonna go we're going to talk through this a few times to start sinking in just yet.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So Jose really Hello 36 is the image name you're correct this name, so when the runs sets right here, so, if you look at these two docker run when you say, Dr ronnie say minus name, this is the container name.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then the friendly hello, right here, this is the image name it's going to use say hey pull this image and run it us container called tests friendly Hello down here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This example here that i'm showing you this is where i've pushed it up to the docker hub, this is the name of the image is going to be my docker ids that teacher or staff cowboy whenever when I use.
MS Analytics Class 2021: friendly hello, so this is going to be smart enough to know that hey, this is an image that's up in the docker hub, and then it's going to run it as this and i'll DEMO this So hopefully i'll make a little more sense to you guys and gals.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But the basic concept is that images that build it has all the stuff in there to make it that little package of software.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Including that little one to man that we run when we actually run the container right, and so, when the containers running it is what serving up that software to us and this case but we've been working with or rest api's and so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Making the kind of makes sense, so I know so many left last week and they're like i'm asked somebody stole my new office because there's a lot of it dirty stuff that you gotta.
MS Analytics Class 2021: sometimes have to know, but the main concept that I want you to understand all this is, for this is how I can take that Python model.
MS Analytics Class 2021: package, it up with that pickle flower that job wildflower whatever you know my saved model file is to make it a rest API that I can serve up.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Through a docker image in a docker container serve out my day and then today we're say hey I want to do this at scale how I do it at scale I can use things like Cooper daddy's to take that container and basically.
MS Analytics Class 2021: shut out that container across multiple instances of containers with the same code.
MS Analytics Class 2021: and giving up my application so I can scale out like I said it was 2016 2017 Google spun up thing was 2 billion or 20,000,000,002 billion containers a week new containers to support the business so much scale.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So we're talking about the Cooper daddy's in a minute, but it's a technology that came on that evolved from Google Google actually kind of brought this technology to us.
So.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Then docker hub, this is Dr the company's container registry that's available for you to publish your docker images to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know, you can when you can publish them or make them public you have I don't know I think you might need a license to do private.
MS Analytics Class 2021: ones, so if you want to publish one and make it private, meaning that you know people can't see it unless you've given them permission.
MS Analytics Class 2021: or only you can see it type of thing I think you might have to pay a license to do that with docker hub they do have like commercial areas of docker hub.
MS Analytics Class 2021: for companies to use they want to publish docker images into.
MS Analytics Class 2021: into the hub that docker calm for commercial use of that thinking you're thinking about people to really awesome model, you would want to just go publish it to have that docker in the public space.
MS Analytics Class 2021: For anybody to download if it's some proprietary company information right, and so they do have the ability to do that privately.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Most companies if they're going to a doctor they're getting into into the cloud and they're not going to necessarily push it probably to have that dr.com or images they're going to push it to either add your Google or aws.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To container registry is up there and then serve them up That way, you also have companies like red hat has a product on open shift.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Sorry, I want a square this table up and slop site, it was bothering me.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is having married 20 years I never would have been bothered by table not being square but it bothers my life and so i've been trained when I see stuff that's where I squared up because that makes her happy and.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Happy wife happy life that was I was always taught, and so I saw the table not were 22 years of training and taught me.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So my life will be happy, I spring table sorry I got paper, so my container registry keys and and the Googles and the agile with IBM bought red hat red hat, you know, was the company that took Linus torvalds.
MS Analytics Class 2021: torvalds Linux distribution and made it where it's mainly commercially available and us, but they also they make a technology called open shift and it's a.
MS Analytics Class 2021: it's a Cooper daddy's it's a way to run Cooper 90s like on premise, and they also have their own ID cloud as well.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But it's there it's their platform to run Cooper 90s so like companies up one unnecessary lots of companies say hey I don't want my data in the cloud, but I want Cooper 90s.
MS Analytics Class 2021: A lot of companies use a product called open shift, so they can run it inside their data centers and then publish and so that's that's another product i'll talk about this again in a second, I have a slide on it, but docker hub reason why I put that up there because.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you're in this program you're going to be curious you're obviously here because you're curious about data curious about analytic teachers about learning right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: you're curious about going out well, where do I get Python 33 six SLIM right I get it from docker hub, you need to know a docker hub right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so, hopefully, so you get really nerdy and start building your own images and say hey I want to serve this out to help the betterment of the world.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so, where do that well docker hub would be one place to do it is it's a place or a reminder on those to go and get these that's why, when you go to have that docker there's lots of them out there, the microsoft's.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The Googles you know they're all putting stuff out there for docker images for you to download and so, and if you remember when I showed you last week.
MS Analytics Class 2021: When you're ready to have that dr.com.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And you go to explore the top right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You can see there are 190 4502 docker images out there, and so you can you can see, they have things like verified publisher official images and so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know this is where we start clicking these buttons This is where you get stuff that these are certified.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Things that they've certified said, these are official images, these are ones that you can bank on and ease right so rob talked about such as Python right, I mean there's mongodb database document database, but for me.
MS Analytics Class 2021: about how people serve out their web pages right there's the Apache http server project.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know, you can download that container right have a web server to serve up your data right, and so, then you can search and you'll start seeing like me start searching you'll see that there's a lot of stuff that people have served out there and, if I can spell Microsoft.
that'd be great.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I can't spell Microsoft.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah whatever say sequel server cognitive toolkit right when Google was the offer.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know docker registry with.
MS Analytics Class 2021: All these.
Karen Fireman: Yes, he needs Karen quick question so so we go to this docker hub.
Karen Fireman: See all these like public containers and images and what are we supposed to do with them, I mean what would we if we were like curious.
MS Analytics Class 2021: With that, and why, oh no that is remember your docker file has a strong statement right here.
Karen Fireman: Yes, I remember, I remember that goes to that I remember.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah, so this is important is.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you say, I want to use Python three got it you go oh what's the what's the what's the what's the image, I need to pull the ball Python 48 right so Python.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And I say that's good official images see now I have this Python here right, so I click Python I click Python.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You can see here's all the tax right.
Karen Fireman: Right, I remember, we saw that before.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So he said hey I really want to use three dot a you can look at here, I want to use three dot a dot whatever you can see here's the different versions and so like if all the history on a slim, for example.
MS Analytics Class 2021: or voice through that eight that seven slam and password every day right I would grab that and that's what's going to get put in to right here, right so that tells me this is the image Python.
MS Analytics Class 2021: right here that's the image name my son, these are those tags for those versions and so we're using right now for this plus three six SLIM right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right, but if we want to start playing say 377 that's that tag, we know that these are versions, so I could actually.
MS Analytics Class 2021: put three seven here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: and try it out there, I don't want to do that because I haven't tested it in my brain but that's that's kind of why you want to know about this hub Karen does that make sense.
Karen Fireman: yeah it just when you started talking about the containers I wasn't sure what we would do with those.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Those are the image, you can download so when we start our images we usually start with like a basic.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right and so, because if you go and look under this have if you're just curious to see on a Python if I go and click save three dots SLIM warmer using.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is the docker file for three bucks fun right so then it's using identity in the bill, starting from a Dev greenville.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, like our bill is using Python bill which that Python builders using the web and so he's docker image is built on top of one another right, and so you didn't want to have to type all that up right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: cool thing is.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Different right the cool thing is they've already done that for you and you can just say from Python three six slam and now you have a Linux.
MS Analytics Class 2021: container with Python three six on on it a slimmed down version so that's fine you can pack and easy to package up and serve up.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that's, why does help I mean I don't really publish to the hub i'm not published container writers, please we'll talk about that again in a minute will work, but I did go here to look for certain things right so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That makes sense.
Karen Fireman: yeah yeah.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah alright cool so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: let's go on a little more.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then, as your container registry so have that dr.com it's a container registry that's supported by docker.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Publicly public one as your has its own service on azure container registry it's not one registry.
MS Analytics Class 2021: it's a service, and what that service allows you to do is to create your own registry.
MS Analytics Class 2021: or multiple industry so as a company, you might have a registry and azure you built for your company and all your docker images get published that as a container registry, for your company.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You might have multiple container registry, for your company, you might have one for Dev test prod right So if you have multiple markets like that, so that you can.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Put publish an image to your development, environment, try it out if it's good we'll talk about this in a second to last week of the the my path of this course.
MS Analytics Class 2021: About devops you may have what's called pipelines which are the ci CD pipeline, where I can publish an image to Dev I can test it when it's all good, I can say okay take the pipeline and have an auto publish it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: so that I could go for my death container registry that will move my image into my test container registry by my testing there what's this good, I can tell that pipeline to automatically pushed to my production.
MS Analytics Class 2021: registry and and I can have pipelines that do things that say hey when this new container lay hands me this excuse me image i'm sorry he's already had an image.
MS Analytics Class 2021: When there's new image lands and my production as a container registry, I know that means I need to update that image inside of my Cooper daddy's cluster and that pipeline can go and automate that appointment.
MS Analytics Class 2021: will come back to this in a second but six weeks six week we talked about agile devops but the idea is, we can have these pipelines and these things in the cloud, you know, on premise as well.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Where we can push these up, so the only azure container registry, the point I want.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You to understand here is in this azure cloud service, you have the ability to spin up your own container registry.
MS Analytics Class 2021: where you can publish a docker image and you can spin up multiple of these right it's just a service that's provided by Microsoft in the cloud to allow you to publish a docker images it's fully.
MS Analytics Class 2021: managed by Microsoft for you, it was basically give it a name and certain things and spins up the resource for you, and then you just publish to it and i'm going to DEMO this tonight.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So you can see what that works, but it's based off the open open container initiative.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So this, this is a standard this idea of containers and images and things like this, this this doctor, even though it's a company that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: puts a docker it's part of an open standard right, and so the stairs opening so that's why Microsoft able to create their own container registry service and azure.
MS Analytics Class 2021: for you to deploy to and then kind of what i'm showing down here I just talked about this, but here's this I just put a little slide DEMO for you right here in the slide is oh i'm sorry the wrong button.
MS Analytics Class 2021: On the zoom was not working on here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But if you look down on the bottom here of the slide this kind of i'm showing you here, where I can get zoom in working i'm sorry I mean it's not working.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Because i'm going to keep i'm just saying keep typing that the control one to make zoom and work and driving myself crazy.
Earth.
Karis Jochen: Professor I have a quick question.
Karis Jochen: um so I always shine shuffle along with their red wine example that you gave us and all the commands that you gave us from week three.
Karis Jochen: But I don't have eyes azure downloaded on to my school computer is that something that, in order to use your eye, you gave us your own login but in order to even use that do we.
Karis Jochen: need something.
MS Analytics Class 2021: know so basically, if you remember that those docker commands how to deploy command I had commented out.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Those are just there for your reference So you see what words great use those commands tonight right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And i'll talk about this tonight i'm actually DEMO like we're gonna take a break here in a minute and, like my father like literally probably like five minutes 10 minutes top are kinda like a 1015 minute break.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I can bring it in the last class i'm talking about Cooper daddy's a DEMO account for you, but.
MS Analytics Class 2021: When we talked about last week, nothing to do with the azure all you need is Dr install and run it and i'm going to open up what I showed you last week again real quick and kind of walk through it again.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But those commands you're talking about in that deploy where I have like az this and all that run crazy containerized shoes I just put those Eric so I talk tonight.
MS Analytics Class 2021: they're already there as a reference, so you haven't went back on, but what you need to do, for your homework has nothing to do with azure it's just going to be the doctor on your local machine and so and i'm going to walk through that here, in just a second again.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Let me just.
Karis Jochen: So i'm sorry, so it shouldn't be a problem if we if those commands didn't it work on our computer.
MS Analytics Class 2021: They just have our m stands for rem in front of them.
MS Analytics Class 2021: right for mark and all that means is just spit it out as a remark is kind of like this is like printing and pray amen yeah they're not going to do anything yeah I think.
MS Analytics Class 2021: For next year i'm going to remove them from week three and then add them in and before, so it doesn't confuse y'all I apologize, I can see where I can see where it can be confusing I apologize.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah let's go to the itinerary anyways it gives you all, all the information and sometimes it's bad like this case I think it's bad yeah all your all your and i'll open it up so everybody knows what we're talking about but.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So when you go in that red wine docker and you're what you're talking about these commands right here i'm curious as opposed to talking her.
Karis Jochen: Yes, this is charisse.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So you're talking about.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Where were those demands.
I.
Think it's.
we're.
Karen Fireman: There either a red wine or friendly because I saw him.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Also in front of you right here in front of God it's a friendly for a while, because I didn't want to that's what it is it's a friendly you're hearing, thank you.
Karis Jochen: I I don't isn't friend likes I think here is for a ride wine lions.
Karis Jochen: Sorry, I don't.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Remember you're fine is a good question you know where is it, let me find a recording.
MS Analytics Class 2021: file there.
MS Analytics Class 2021: There is okay it's in the week three it's not in the week before sorry that's weird so yeah you're telling these commands right here.
Karis Jochen: Yes, yeah.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah so then he were rushing off tonight that's actually the azure command line interface.
MS Analytics Class 2021: We got those were just there for reference, so you can have it when you know, six months from now you're going I remember him showing us how to take a docker image and push it to a container registry or those commands I put them in there, so you have them but.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah so that you don't have to worry about for your homework but I.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I will show you here in a second actually how that works okay.
Karis Jochen: Okay cool.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Thank you yeah does that make sense.
Karis Jochen: yeah yeah that was very helpful thanks.
Sorry.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I.
MS Analytics Class 2021: apologize that I confuse y'all with that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But those are manager and I just showed you the ones you're talking about are the commands to say I don't this docker image local, how do I take that docker image and push it to an azure container registry.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And the reason why I do, that is because I want that image sitting up in azure so that I can then use services and azure like as or Cooper daddy's I can use services like azure container instances, I can use.
MS Analytics Class 2021: As your APP services all stuff we're talking about next week, but they all rely on having that docker image, so that I can then spit it out and serve it out as a container for people to use or server decimal.
Karen Fireman: So we just got all these gooey accounts that are not doing Google cloud platform accounts that Dr Jones wanted us to get and i'm pretty sure I saw Cooper nettie.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Yes, I.
Karen Fireman: saw this other one that you mentioned.
Karen Fireman: yeah I can't remember the name of it, so if we do that and we get it like and somehow take something similar to your code is it going to be some kind of fortune, for us to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah don't go play with Cooper nettie is.
MS Analytics Class 2021: very, very serious like question is yes, I was sitting in class so someone using his account.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Please, please, please, please, please do not take his account and go play with Cooper daddy's because you literally could cost them thousands of you know, thousands of dollars let's say thousands, I mean.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know, like I said we talk about the super any questions we're talking about lots of iron behind the scenes to make all this happen it's not like a little program that runs on one machine.
MS Analytics Class 2021: we're talking, it could be multiple nodes and you type in extra zero, and now you have 100 nodes and not 10 nodes are you actually put four zeros in there and have 1000 nodes accidentally.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And i'll suddenly gets this building, I didn't have $100,000 I mean that's literally so it costs, you can see, you know.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Because we think about amount of servers 1000 servers and the service costs like probably 345 thousand dollars apiece for Microsoft of spin them up.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then you know serve your stuff out Microsoft gotta charge you some ideas and pay for those things right same thing with Google right yeah please, please don't.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Go play with this on your own dime because it can so i'll give you an example of what's good was but somebody.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Bring the data breaks the last week and it wasn't here because we use Community edition data bricks which is completely free you don't put a credit card you'll all be fine right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But somebody did sign up Community edition, and I conference I went to one time and they just signed up for regular.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The regular data bricks I put the credit card in.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then the first month they after $10,000 bill.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so yeah they the cloud is it's can be cheap, they can be expensive and sometimes it's kind of hard to know what the cost is.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so, a lot of my job, but I do as a call architect that my company is trying to figure it all.
MS Analytics Class 2021: out and so and i've spent years doing that and so just to be safe for you guys, I want to have issued concept steps and show you how this all works, so that you know how to do this in your business but doing your business assignments, you can.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now that being said, some of the stuff i'm going to show you here with azure Cooper daddy's I think you can spin up the code i'm writing for free, but you know.
MS Analytics Class 2021: don't quote me on that I can't remember sometimes changes right but we're going to do, like a single node instance, and so one thing Microsoft has is that you have.
MS Analytics Class 2021: A way to do that but, but what you can do, and so what I recommend is also talk about this anyway.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The cool thing about Microsoft is you can sign up for the hundred and $50 free credits right as a student and you can play with him and so and I don't think i'm.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Almost 100% positive Microsoft doesn't ask for your credit card I don't believe, do they unless they change the policy but I don't think they ask for your credit card.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If they do ask for your credit card, be careful plane.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But I don't think they do I think they give you $150 credit they let you play and then $150 credit run out, but I tell you they've ran out and they say you want to keep playing in your credit card.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, which you can set up with your student account use your family, you can set up my account i'm going to give you the scripts I run the night.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So if you want to play with them, you can play with them, and as long as you never put your credit card and you set that up and you'll know that you're not going to get charged and then you can play right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I know it used to be that way, and I was going to tell you all this little later on, but i'll i'll tell you tonight, since we've been.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Talking about Google and and trying to test this stuff out but i'll just tell it now, but but yeah I I believe and somebody is the brain.
MS Analytics Class 2021: wants to go set up for a free account, let me know I unfortunately, are you have my EDU account, we have to personal accounts have to work accounts I can't test it anymore, but big bass playing with it right now.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So so yeah so, so it is a yeah on azure.
Karen Fireman: Is it, as you said, what do you go to let's say in general website to good.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So portal that astro.com so will we actually have a slide for that at the end here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah I don't know well, maybe we can maybe somebody can play with it at the brain.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So So then, as it makes it as a container registry just real quick again, you can set up your own container registry to publish your docker images.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And it's not like it's not like as a container registry again on the sides it's not one registry for the whole world it's it's a service allows you to set up as many registries as you want.
MS Analytics Class 2021: right but typically as a company usually set up like one for one for tasks on the project, the thing.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So make sense.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So let's do this real quick let's let's look.
Karen Fireman: At the.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The red wine docker container code again just real quick, I want to walk you through it again just a minute to kind of like.
MS Analytics Class 2021: walk out like what each file is and what they do and then walk through the docker commands to make sure you kind of have a grasp of it because that's kind of.
MS Analytics Class 2021: that's the important stuff I want to make sure you understand.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I don't really care if you can run a Cooper daddy's cluster I don't even want Cooper daddy's clusters, we run through various clusters i'm not the manager, but I know how to do it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But that's not my job, and I would almost be i'm pretty sure I can make a bet that none of it, none of you that's you're probably job either still have to raise cluster.
MS Analytics Class 2021: it's you know some data engineers.
MS Analytics Class 2021: system engineer person is going to be doing that, but why do you understand least to see how it works understand the concepts, so that when you leave from here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: you'll know hey you sit in your meeting and talking about hey wrote this APP and we want to put this and publish this out to lots of lots of people.
MS Analytics Class 2021: How can we scale this up, and you can go hey I know we should use docker containers running and Cooper daddy's cluster and agitator whatever cloud platform you're using and we can start small and scale up and they'll go oh you're smart.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then the consultant person comes in and says the same thing oh yeah that's what Kerry said yes what Joanna said and.
MS Analytics Class 2021: For Kendall said I think you're right, this is real world, so we do this, is that pie in the sky, this is real stuff I have super heavy stuff running and in the.
MS Analytics Class 2021: cloud and Google someone as a service service I want every night that pulls like one like 1.2 million data rose, and it goes to that service that wrestler was in gk gk at Google Google Cooper daddy's.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It goes and calls us forest service and it says, all these workouts data in json json.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And it's like one point something billion run that's how lightweight json is that's why I made that way, so I can call that restaurant was sent back there's 1.4 million rows and loaded into databases that we can.
MS Analytics Class 2021: query it and use it for reporting but super powerful stuff so let me just kind of walk through the files for the red wine eight i'll help you for your homework be and also help you understand a little bit about the doctors technology will take a break.
MS Analytics Class 2021: we'll come back i'll show you how to publish to docker hub i'll show you how to then do talk about Cooper daddy's are that i'll show you how to publish to container registry and azure and how spit up your daddy's cluster and call tonight.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, give me a couple minutes we'll take a break here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So when you.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So i'm going to stay with week three successful you're probably all starting So if I was doing my homework.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I would take red wine docker and I would say this folder right here, right line docker.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Control C.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And I would say, a new for.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Call homework to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then inside of there I would drop red wine, Dr also come back here and grab read one quality test.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Go back to my homework to and drop it here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then i'm going to pretend that this is not read when why i'm going to rewind recall this and say.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i'm going to name it after my dog misty this is misty docker and let's say this is a miss the algorithm and i'm going to remain my folder misty doctor i'm a rename my red wine quality last test misty.
Karen Fireman: Is this the same as what we had to do for homework or different.
MS Analytics Class 2021: one.
Karen Fireman: We homework to see or two.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah but what I would do it this way is i'm going to talk about what each one of these things are doing so that you understand as a as a concept docker images docker containers what this test services and all that, so you can understand what's going on, so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then i'm going to take an edit my flask test script and i'm going to take so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I have wine quality here we're not going to line quality we're going to do missy so i'm going to take says one quality, I want to make it misty and your cases can be, whatever your.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Your.
MS Analytics Class 2021: thing is so if it's beer quality or you know, whatever right make whatever you want, and then down here i'm like I change this now, but these things here, these are match your data right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: headers for your data for your independent variables, and these are gonna be free, representing three rows of your variables from your data, independent and you can put your column names in your data.
MS Analytics Class 2021: and so on, I gotta change you.
MS Analytics Class 2021: are right, let me.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I like to do the data part just for time sake i'm going to leave the data after this, but so now, I have to miss it so now, if I come back and i'm gonna send this to making things simple oma.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Only open the file so go back to like floor and still aside my homework to Let me close a couple files outside homework, too, so this time I missed the docker container I have these three phones deployed and deploy docker file, so my head at these.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And everywhere where I see red wine.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Member I renamed it missy i'm going to recall it misty.
MS Analytics Class 2021: that's not very good.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right fine i'll call it misty.
So.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, so that right here, that is that's not the Python file.
MS Analytics Class 2021: edit earlier that's the test one, this is the one that runs in our container so, so this is really in this docker file, I think you really need to change is.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The name of your Python file to match your thing right so let's say that right, so the deploy i'm going to change everything this red line to misty one thing to note is wrong what's called brother Linux containers.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I can't wait to see.
Karen Fireman: what's the replace command that you keep pressing to get.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The whole age.
Karen Fireman: Control as.
MS Analytics Class 2021: A notepad it's the same like a troll ages as a replacement so much change all this, we must be.
MS Analytics Class 2021: These all matter right and then same here the deployment.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So misty misty misty right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Changing these names.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This because if you don't change the names and you've got my red wine country, are you running because that's probably what you did first right the red wine boy and test it out all right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So.
Karis Jochen: Professor, just to clarify they deploy in that and deploy we don't those two files we don't need for our homework to do we.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Nice, if you gave them to me, but no, we don't need them, I don't really need them.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I mean, I mean those files are what I call help her files for you guys I put them there so that you know hey how do I deploy and run a container docker.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Well, I just put the commands for you to build coming in the end the end the one coming right and then, if I broke something didn't work right, how can I avoid it, so I can fix it and redeploy right so that's Why am I and deploy scripts.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I actually remove the image that's what the rm I come in Dallas so are my central art remove rm I move image, and so I just noticed that's very small but.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that's why I never play soccer container I removed the container and then I wrote the image.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And the idea, the idea being is you started out you get an error it's not working like well, you want to get rid of the container restart the container that's running you want to remove the container.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then you want to remove the image, so that you can fix any era, you might have in your code and so, then you can redeploy it again, so one thing you know ports, so I look at our docker file.
MS Analytics Class 2021: notice the sport at.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you had ran by deploying command for my red wine it's going to be occupying port 88 that containers running right now.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so, then, as you go and create your container for homework to and you try to run it you're probably in your red light containers running your see an error saying hey I can't connect to that port.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right, so what you do is you goes around one folder and you run out deployed the red the red wine and deploy this or.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You change it to be like 8081 right, and so you made it your own make a different port, so I think about ports are we eat away whenever something is coming into my machine.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To make a request it comes into that IP address right it's a record of a domain name and the domain name like Google COM is also an IP address that IP address goes to a MAC address.
MS Analytics Class 2021: machine why you know what service i'm looking for that machine and those services run on these ports and so each service going to play.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You can play multiple forms but two services can occupy the same point right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so, each one of these docker containers, you can think of as a service, I have a red wine following service right, I have my misery service, and they have to have their own port so i'm going to just to be safe.
MS Analytics Class 2021: change my court.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To add one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: which also means that my boy.
MS Analytics Class 2021: See here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right, Sir, cutting and pasting of you know, finding replace right.
Karen Fireman: At what is dni team.
MS Analytics Class 2021: really nice attach it is interactive so I see what the self as put it out in team meetings.
shoot.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This to.
Karen Fireman: burn.
Karen Fireman: But sorry every.
MS Analytics Class 2021: No it's not temporary.
Coleman, Clay: tag.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Maybe it might be right back.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i'll top my head, I can remember.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This so I have documentation, no, it was Albert Einstein say say hey I woke up.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But where is he.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Oh allocate a Su so don't worry about what that means, but just what that means is that that gives me a way so that I can run this command right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that gives me a way, so my containers running, if you remember last week I said hey I want to connect to my container.
MS Analytics Class 2021: With a Shell, so I can see what's going on inside my container because, if you remember these.
MS Analytics Class 2021: docker containers are like kind of like video s is running their own little thing right and this case was Python is a little mini ubuntu Linux container.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that tea means is open up a tty will terminal so I can connect into it and actually see it so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i'll come back to the teacher on once I started i'll come back and show you what that he gives us again so we easier to understand when I do it again.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But we're not quite there yet, so I can start the container let me edit the files i'll get my docker image container running will connect to it and then i'll come back to what that key gives us.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, so now i'm back in my homework to mindlessly docker and I have.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Added to these three files here one thing to note in the docker file.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You see this working directory called APP and then you see this ad I see the source, right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: What does add command doesn't docker file and building it says add the contents of this folder locally into this folder and my container.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So this is saying, whatever is in this folder source, so you know my drive right here on my machine added into this docker image i'm going to build into a folder called APP.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That makes sense, so once in our source folder it's our code right and our bomb, so we have red white quality flask run well that's not gonna lie fall because right here, I made my five.
MS Analytics Class 2021: missing the quality last one, so I need to go and rename my file.
MS Analytics Class 2021: right here we go.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I didn't rename my file to match what I had in my.
Sorry.
MS Analytics Class 2021: What so misty quality fast.
MS Analytics Class 2021: For is that that is in.
MS Analytics Class 2021: My docker file right right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is saying hey when this doctor when I take this image and rather this container was the command that I need to run for my service my application my service to run.
MS Analytics Class 2021: inside this container the command is Python that's just the execution for Python and this fall misty falling last one Python that makes sense.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And these are case sensitive, so you have to make sure, because when I start windows that capital m capital Q that capital F capital our matches.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This file here that's like cut and pasted it so right with me.
MS Analytics Class 2021: We also have a couple files here called requirements i'm going to open them all for you, these files and let's look at it right, so now we're in the source directory.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And we have some things here so restart with the sense I don't do anything with these are some variables i'm setting static outside I cannot work at work just gives me the directory that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: My code is raining my Python code in this case, where this files running that's what it is and then APP stack is hey take this APP room slash Stat.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Stat or here, and the only Father matters index html gets added by the docker container when you start but.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is my that file for my.
MS Analytics Class 2021: From the model of Satan from homework one in this case fine so settings you don't do anything so close and you want to touch it to see the settings that P, why you just need to make sure that file is sitting there.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now we have this new quality flashed when we renamed it I forgot to change some stuff in here, so you remember, right here so kind of starting from the top.
MS Analytics Class 2021: All this stuff is fine, you shouldn't have to change any of these.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You can leave this Hello world just leave it alone leave that alone, he has this route slash says Hello world.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I just put the sake, as i'm building my container from scratch, right now, and I want to, I want to wait to test this thing why start the container to see when I call my rest service to test my model if I get an error back.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I want to know is it because the container to start right or is it because there's a bug in my Python code, but so by having these two, I have to flash.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Rest endpoints that expose what is the room and one at slash and this case right now why quality.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Which is a method posts, and so what method post as his post means you're going to call my surface and send me a packet of data.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And i'm going to do something and send you back a return.
MS Analytics Class 2021: that's a post method rest, the other one you'll see a lot of yet and what it is you're on send me anything you're just gonna say i'll make a call you you're giving me back something, but in this case, we have a post method for our rest service, so I have a method equal post.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Because, if you remember in our test we have that json dope, which is our three rows of independent variables we're testing we're going to post that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To our service or a doctor with that data to get back our return saving the prediction for those three rows so I thought that methods equal post me, so I didn't do something in your week for homework download.
MS Analytics Class 2021: that's not the right folder.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So just real quick I do a jump real quick right here under week.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Over.
Karen Fireman: Week three.
Karen Fireman: yeah.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Three homework but.
MS Analytics Class 2021: as well, so it's not only three homework I added something to the week for download I don't know why i'm not seeing it here.
or anything.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Oh areas we write your team, and this is the way it's just this is just my little I added this little rest API PNG file there's there's somebody somebody somebody drew.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so, this is just kind of trying to I don't know why it doesn't show up well.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i'll try it over and over here to one second i'll try.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is something I found there and I thought was kind of Nice to explain rest services, so you can understand that concept of a post I just talked about.
Now.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I don't know why it's not showing up okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i'll try to figure out what's happening on the break and why it's not showing it will come back to let's just get back to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To what's going on, so back to the code or quick so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So we have this one quality around.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And the methods post, so I said posts and recipe for them post event and get back some stuff right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So what their problem is remember I changed one probably right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I changed it and my tests for to say on our test misty right and so i'm I need to go back into this run flask and i'm going to change anything or says wine folly to be listening.
MS Analytics Class 2021: alright.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so now that's my half year that matches what i'm testing right here, but over so that was one thing I miss I didn't forget to change that my customer remember I changed my ports to 8081 because I said, if you're if you're already had my wine wine quality.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You already had the red wine quality running around on port 8080 you can't use that port because that's funny so we're change our son at one, so the presentation my tester so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now, everything is missing here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The only other thing to change in here is down here and you're in your homework you got to change your headers and you have to change your header from here to match your independent variables.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And finally down here at the bottom what whatever I call this Python script run, this is what port it runs on right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I have a docker file saying from a security standpoint i'm exposing for at a in this case the changes were intended to a one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: that's saying hey people can come in as port 8081 and i'm going to expose it, we will see, but what actually makes the thing run on 41 is this Python file that we call from docker file so after set this support anyone.
MS Analytics Class 2021: makes sense and that's because we went right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: that's what this minus P does right that's my SP where's mine.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Sometimes my zoom it goes crazy only you look right here.
Karen Fireman: The agency right it's kind of.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The external port that people come in, as this is the internal port that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: They expose that is exposing your docker container right, yes, because the other way around home.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Real quick sorry I confuse myself one second I always think that backwards, because in my mind, I think it should be the other way around.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I don't have a slide to show you this.
MS Analytics Class 2021: right here so yeah container port, so the first one is the port that's running inside the container the second part of that mind speed is what the outside world comes in us right, so this.
MS Analytics Class 2021: right here is.
MS Analytics Class 2021: what's running inside the container at one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right at.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The outside world when they come from the outside world is trying to hit your container, which is what this flask test script does.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It comes in this case we're using the same words if you wanted an example where i'm using two different ports and you want to look at it and figure it out play with it look at the friendly hello, I used for a internal.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, I suppose, for a internal my Python script has the bottom line running a sport at so this line, right here, running the sport at down here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But in my docker run command.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I have at here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: is first of all, but i'll just show you.
right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Am I wrong to me i'm saying hey exposure to the outside world as 50550 but the internal containers running as we're at so when we tested we tested.
MS Analytics Class 2021: On the outside for yeah that's the part that's the container is running as for people to see.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The outside world for AV is what the service inside the container so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So kind of play with that if it doesn't quite make sense, you know, and then you can hit me up later this week.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you're still kind of struggling with those reports, and what that means, but to make things simple, for your homework just make them add one right just make them the same now so are you.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And I got a couple emails on this, some of you were playing with that friendly Hello.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And I think you've got an error, trying to start port 50 550 right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So all you have to do is go any instance where it says 50 550 try different port, maybe try like.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Try like 10 008 this change as the three see 50 550 to 10 008 or something to try different port name and then run it if it works, I support you can you try, but the thing to note is like I said, you can only have one service right on one port and it's hard to know.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Obviously, on my laptop and my virtual machine I don't have anything right now 50 550 but apparently guess there's some software you guys have on your machine.
MS Analytics Class 2021: that's reserving those four pages, for it software to work I don't know which one it is but.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But capital P and pick one for me yeah but here's the thing so somebody said I use capital P let's pick one for you, the problem is is.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The letter pick one for you, you don't know exactly which was going to pick and then you have to, then you have to go in and say okay what when did.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You put your code we're writing code that's kind of what we want to know pay is using this for right and so that's why I like to be lowercase B and let it I teleport it's going to go and I didn't have to go.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And the reason why so here's one thing to know about ports.
MS Analytics Class 2021: A is http that the port 80 is reserved for http layer ports between like zero and 1024 are reserved those are dollars here within 24 hours reserved port ranges and so like you can go to the Internet and say you know.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So you can see, all these reserve ports, like 23 is telling that 22 is your shelf 21 this file transfer from ftp if you ever heard the word ftp, but if you go down here at.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The official http right that the Internet started onboarding and then people started happening things needed secure and so then port 443.
MS Analytics Class 2021: became https and it's secure portal, and so, if you want to know why you don't have to put portman's when you type in http or https is because those are reserved for the whole Internet standard knows this and the tcp UDP standard knows this and it knows, to get that right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so that's why you'll see where i'm picking a lot of weird ports beyond certain ranges because.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You can see that, and if you look, you can see where people have registered you know their own like minecraft Java, for example, minecraft Java mission it's going to try it's going to want to use these sports.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so, this is actually kind of important, so you start writing Apps and different things and whatnot.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know if you are run things as sports, it might be, it might be interested to know.
MS Analytics Class 2021: What ports that people might be reserving because this list is telling us, these are registered doesn't mean they'll be run in your machine like if you're not running steam or you're not running.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know minecraft Java edition of sports are probably open on your machine and you could use them, but just just an fyi right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But don't worry too much about them, mostly Apps you're going to build.
MS Analytics Class 2021: behind the scenes reports you're on a container and then you're running it on your own virtual host and 443 and four at are going to be available for it you're probably used for for three that Chicago airport to get to your.
MS Analytics Class 2021: to your service, because you don't want users have the time for like think about it, every time you had a Google yet to type www Google COM colon 55432 is that, like Google decided fairport know you're gonna build your Apps and probably use.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The standard https secure portal.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That makes sense.
Karis Jochen: Professor I have a question, yes, I know the the both in the Python files.
um i'm.
Karis Jochen: The URL that were routing to and your case it was for the wine quality, it was slash wine quality and then you change it to slash misty um is what is is.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That is that that is.
MS Analytics Class 2021: What maybe that misty that what you're asking yes.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That is in this one, so this is the test one right, this is like my you think you will get this test so think of this is my application right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I don't want to like give you a web APP, but you have to try to make big one to test your code I just gave you a simple Python script that you can test your restaurants right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You put the URL of your service in their flash to where it goes, and then you put in the json dump of your data to test it you call the service with the request and get back to them right, so what is driving misty, that is, the run Python.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And that is these APP routes.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that is where it comes from, so we have to APP routes in here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So what that means is, if we look at our URLs I can go to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: My running these local right now so that's why we're using 127 001 So when I deploy this image that I run this container on my machine that's running local you know my local machine.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And like like I told you earlier day 127 001 is reserved for the local IP address that's the always resolve to local host to your local machine right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so, if we look at this script here with this run I actually exposed to, I suppose, one of the room, so if you don't have flash misty and you just have 127 001 colon 8081 slash.
MS Analytics Class 2021: it's good to know, because of class because of this APP equal last name, right here, right and then I say an out route it says expose.
MS Analytics Class 2021: slash and the function that it runs when you call slashes this one I just returned Hello right, but then, if you call slash missy the function that returns, it runs this may come may count function does that make sense, so the pay once you put when you call it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: tells it which function, so it just was the function, right after this ap wrong.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay.
Karis Jochen: So this so wine 28 this APP route whatever you name it whatever you name that right there it doesn't matter as long as the run and that test is this.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I can call that benny is in class and then I would put been using glass right here, I can call it whatever I want right, so you basically basically call it, something that makes sense to you right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So amazing mystery because.
MS Analytics Class 2021: she's been a pain in the butt all day squirrels in my backyard going crazy wanting to go outside so but that's that's just what you.
Karen Fireman: Do is that i'm sorry Jamie one Oregon so line.
Karen Fireman: 28 where you.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Live right here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: right here.
Karen Fireman: Right, so when you put whatever you put right there.
MS Analytics Class 2021: right there.
Karen Fireman: Like when they put it put it benny.
Karen Fireman: benny in there was.
Karen Fireman: a penny in there.
Very.
Karen Fireman: Okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Please change this.
yeah.
Karen Fireman: Okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right, this is just the URL that screen, this is just the the so you always know the reason, this is the the path has been exposed as my web server my fast web show right.
Karen Fireman: Right so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i'm going to send this back to miss it so my coworkers are running second that makes sense.
Karen Fireman: yeah but it's nice to know which one thing we need.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To do this, I wanted to go through this again.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I wanted to give you guys an opportunity to play with the code and then get it then really walk through and show you how i'm doing homework right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, like this is how I would do the homework, so I copy that for like a good start changing the spot, so now, are they going to change, I changed in here and report only everybody to change is the port number if I change my port number which I would recommend to anyone.
MS Analytics Class 2021: or whatever anyone I take my route to misty you change it to whatever matches to what you did right and then.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then the only thing we change is I changed my pickle file and this case to match misty down I don't want to underscore read those I call it misty dot pickle.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Random for us, and so I say that now, if I go back to my folder remember I copy.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Sorry, so I copied red wine doctor and I created homework to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: copy redline Dr Linda missy doctor so now right here you've already added these three files.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I figured a source you've already edited these three files, one thing I didn't mention all the environments that text somebody a link is actually boost right for your algorithm well, you can install hd boost.
MS Analytics Class 2021: In your Python environment for your model for how you that this requirements text that says hey where are the packages installed.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So you don't have to put equal equal and put the version you just put actually boo Sol Sol latest one, but if you want to put the version you're using How would I get that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: there's a file we export in the homework, one that tells us all the packages in our environment and what version you're on the phone right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So we asked for the mfr we can go and look fine line for actually boost cyber has equal and what version, and we can put the people there, so if you wanted to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Make sure you install the same exact version of actually boost you're using in your environment and you built your model.
MS Analytics Class 2021: that's that's what I didn't get those versions right and I recommend doing that, like in production, because if you're building models and pointing to production.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You wanted to be running in the same version that you built them in so that you get you know the results will be consistent right, so you know that using the same versions.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But just for simplicity sake i'm just gonna just let it solid version of actually, although in my example I using I know the rain forest spa random forest pickle that I sent out, so I go back here, you can see where I rename listening to this match misty not yours to take and replace.
MS Analytics Class 2021: My dad file that's in static.
come back to that sorry.
MS Analytics Class 2021: understand your place my dad fall with yours right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But that's up for simplicity sake i'm using.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i'm using.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i'm just using the same data model right that I deployed one i'm just reading anything misty.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But i'm going to match the name right, and so you put your name in there, and you just make sure you put your pickle file in there you just make sure that in this in this.
MS Analytics Class 2021: flask run that the file matches years and he made sure that it's in the static directory, and the reason is because right here, we open it up.
MS Analytics Class 2021: and use that APP static variable not just allows me to kind of separate out the code, you can put it all in the same room as the file file and issues APP route, but it's kind of nice to be able to separate out your code like this, so make sense, so far.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah, so now we have we should have everything changed, I mean yeah we're we have the the file that we saved from the pickle we were to this diet directory this case i'm using the same one because it's the same way.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i've changed everything to match my name's you know, for what i'm doing I changed everything for me add one that way I don't conflict with the red wine, one that I might have running.
MS Analytics Class 2021: An extra boost in here you don't have to do this if you're if you're models built in and random forest or whatever you're good to go.
MS Analytics Class 2021: One thing to notice know to the other one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you look.
Where is it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Know we're all good everything's fine okay now that's how you change sorry I was looking for something else so we're good.
MS Analytics Class 2021: everything's good there so let's go ahead and make sure, and when you see these headers.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Are liking, the test script and see the header stuff on the side, but just reiterate this make sure you change in the match your independent variable site.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And you know your column names for what you're predicting and I don't you don't have to put 10 of them 11 like I did if you put one foot two at all, they care.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I just want to make sure that when I run this this work right so everything's there any so now, what I can do is let's just play with it and see if it works, so if I go to a command prompt.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So not not anaconda prompt.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So you notice that anaconda not anaconda power Shell problems.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You could use the.
MS Analytics Class 2021: comment box, because that is just the command prompt.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Because I would have caught a pop.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But sadly necessary for docker commands you can just do a regular command prompt, so you type command type here and just launched a command prompt.
MS Analytics Class 2021: that's all you need because we're just running these deployed on cmt and these under point i've seen either just coming in files.
MS Analytics Class 2021: which are basically files and have commands put in there that Microsoft knows and you type employee inside the command prompt that says Oh, this is a command prompt file I know just to read it line by line in the file right So if I go to where we just made all these changes.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And I go to hear three.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Remember, I created that homework to folder.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I copy red wine, Dr renamed missy Dr changed all my files announcer one deploy.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And dope boy is not recognized command depot is.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So you can see where everything.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So just to talk about the deploy deploy again so.
Karen Fireman: Simply.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Oh yeah sorry I apologize that y'all need to break.
MS Analytics Class 2021: a mystery to realize yeah man breaks.
and
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah so let's do this it's a 25 after.
MS Analytics Class 2021: let's just take five minutes 10 minutes and then come back to your 35 after we'll finish this up and what i'll do is i'll go over the PowerPoint for for Cooper daddy's it's not like 1015 minutes.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And the first part class next week i'll show you the actual out of pushed to a container registry, how to deploy puberty yet don't worry.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I always have a little buffer in each class kind of go over but we'll get through, I wanted to get through right, so we can take two minutes come back at 35 after and then and then we'll finish this up and then talk a little while to raise does and then call it a night.
All my.
MS Analytics Class 2021: People do need brakes, and so that, please let me know give me a break.
Now let's take like 510 minutes.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But I wanted to go into it and I found this week, so that people can really kind of see like this is the process of good, I see that process, how do the customer.
MS Analytics Class 2021: is going to give a thought process how this is all working yeah so they can keep replaying with it, so I don't think i'm alone keep testing that's what.
It is my best.
that's.
Key.
Already yeah just like a bricks.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That was a failure on my partner three hours to do it.
watching the videos.
That I knew I should and taking stuff away that you got that was nice that probably needed kind of just.
do some stuff on spread some stuff out so they can will shoulder.
Like i'll help.
No that's what I was looking at your videos important watching all this slide in here, and one thing with covert the technology hasn't changed much because most people working from home and so there's not been as much rapid development of technology.
Stephanie Pollock: Professor.
Stephanie Pollock: I just i'm sorry I didn't mean interrupt i'm sorry I just had a question.
MS Analytics Class 2021: about the.
Stephanie Pollock: um, how do you how did you get to run that file see how you typed in the past.
Stephanie Pollock: In a command prompt I saw.
It.
pops up right here.
Just like this.
Stephanie Pollock: yeah I mean like when you went so you open it and then, how do you direct it to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The correct.
MS Analytics Class 2021: here.
right here.
Stephanie Pollock: Okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, then, I just have to see right now let's see yours box saying, I am in let's actually my complaint.
prop there, so I know it's on my desktop I see the desktop.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then the CDS pass right here, right desktop as a cool trick is tab So if I just type.
web if.
I hit tab.
Karen Fireman: So I know to w three writers, like a dinner.
Stephanie Pollock: Okay, so I was wondering how you got there so fast.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, then I say.
MS Analytics Class 2021: cabbage cabbage I actually came out with Linux.
MS Analytics Class 2021: unix role is this autocomplete syntax that you may see the space just type, the first letter first letter in the tab you can just tap through all the folders or files that match the first few characters parameter she typed right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now i'm in there, an APP for that for is not.
That makes sense.
And if you lost your problems like let's say waterfall.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And let's say it was in windows, you know I go right to get CD users, well, I do see the users that doesn't do.
But if you see these slash.
That gets you down to the root and then you can just follow.
Yes, thank you.
Karis Jochen: Professor Mary asked about the organization of your of the different files for the red wine and this homework to.
Karis Jochen: My question is more like what is.
Karis Jochen: Because there's several files, I, like the src and then the folder and then the pie cash and the static folder like what is the necessary framework versus just your preferred method of.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So necessary framework really is tested right.
So I copy that, and so I can just.
MS Analytics Class 2021: say this file as a tester for my application for sorry it's not part of my docker image or my container that makes sense it's what i'm going to open up in visual studio and run the test to make sure my code works, unless the SPA.
Karis Jochen: Right right, this is what I.
MS Analytics Class 2021: call my service writer so, then this folder I have my misty doctor, this is this over here inside that is necessary files to my daughter.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right and so, although deployed and deployed are very necessary in the image of the container part there's just a couple of scripts I gave you surgeons employee employer to care docker file is necessary right that has all the committee has to build your image.
MS Analytics Class 2021: and run when you run your chair was coming that's necessary.
Karen Fireman: For you.
Karis Jochen: Good so could the the the Python the test file could that be in this, my docker file, could it be.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Good, but you can put it in there, but you're not running and so you put it there and putting your image container but you're not going to really access it from the image container.
Karis Jochen: Right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right, something that test files or something i'm running locally to go in and test.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I just wrote a script so that we can test an extra special i'm going to show you next week, a tool called post man.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And i'll show you how to test your docker image you re stuff test your stuff even having this one, I have to have.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Your json data we put your your own for your service which a json you hit post and then it comes back with the results so but that test file that needed for.
MS Analytics Class 2021: it's not needed for your container image to run your application is needed for you to go to test it make sure it's correct that makes sense.
MS Analytics Class 2021: As needed for you to turn in your homework, so I can test to make sure your stuff works so right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So I need that to see that okay yeah you were able to build your container that you're able to take the test script modify it and test your container mixtures work.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That makes sense it's needed for your homework it's so it's not necessarily needed for for your application so it's all right, because in the real world you're probably going to build a web APP that's running colonies rest services to do more, right that makes sense.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Yes, so there are the source directory what I did you remember the docker file I said hey Craig a working directory Apps I mean in the APP directory my image docker container go the next access to say all this stuff in this picture, right here, added to this APP directory that's.
Karis Jochen: Okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i'll show you this for.
MS Analytics Class 2021: One minute two minutes i'm gonna i'm going to connect to the inside of the container the T parameter that here asked about was that dude I said it breaks this little terminal I can go ahead and look at like a tear.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i'ma show you what a container that to that T option in the docker run his work as a good deal and so i'll show you how we connected to my container and show you the files inside of the container inside the APP directory that making sense.
Karis Jochen: Yes, yes.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so, then inside the source directory I have.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The files, I need to have a settings widely used by this flash run quality and over my stuff is that I haven't apartments text that's called by the docker file right here so whenever it does.
Okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So test that's there so whenever in this docker file these commands you see right here this run pip install these commands.
MS Analytics Class 2021: What happens is when it builds the maternal line back on raw right back so verse 35 six after so so what what happens is as time goes by, that is, that guy that gets put their from from from high enough money that's nothing is deleted you start with.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This requirement that test these will run commands right here, when you do the docker run and docker inability to run these commands build install the stuff right and so it's going to run this inside of that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so it's going to run through the pip install and install your packages in your Python environmental exposure for set a variable called world market variable inside my container world.
Karis Jochen: Okay, so we didn't delete that pie cache file because whenever we run it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The earliest regraded right.
Karis Jochen: Okay.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that that was created for them, but that got rid of from us, I obviously opened up this the obviously opened up this folder inside visual studio code, and so it created that that file that caches stuff and.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that's just some stuff inside of the container so really, though, you have to update these files right and static you put that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That that your your pill bottle right, and this is an html thing this is just this attachment or loader box out of class application I didn't actually out and leave I added this, I think that got added whenever.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I first started container but you know i've been doing with that is there's there's not it won't hurt anything.
Right so.
Karis Jochen: yeah that was extremely helpful, thank you.
So.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, so now we deployed, and then we ran right so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, assuming everything went Okay, and my script run, we can test this at all, I was getting great let's say if I had a syntax error and didn't work right, and if it stuff again just run.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The other point which is going to stop the container remove the container for the image fix up my stuff run deploy redeploy my image and run my container.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so that's kind of the cycle, you would do right and then, once everything's good you can leave your container right now, you shut your machine and you start it back up.
MS Analytics Class 2021: it'll bring back your container and it might actually restart the container with us on on the windows boxes and how the containers, but they actually I think it's still be there, it might actually start until you stop in a room with the commands but.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Those containers will be that not generally, what you do is you know you might writer like when you're writing code and doing stuff.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You might want to test entertainer and once you go your goal is working on right and everything and the ego push it up to the server say where you ever deployed It might not want that container to be ronnie.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And you might just remove it is the atmosphere for for us for later right so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Does that make sense, so now all you have to do now is go to make sure everything works like go to this URL right here.
and tested.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i'm going to take that away we're going to hear his office, and you can see my East Texas accent air.
MS Analytics Class 2021: that's how my mama says there and that's how I like to say here but you're going to hear why because it's better not alone that's because we didn't get.
MS Analytics Class 2021: When you go on the Internet is pretty girl browser is doing good man to get back today right it says this bed is not allowed for this request by, if you remember in our APP.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And I run the fall alright have methods coast So how do we do a possible you know type in the browser here we can't do that, we have to use the the.
flat tax and that's why I gave the planets this last test once i'm going to close this folder.
And i'm going to open up my homework to folder.
MS Analytics Class 2021: My class test test test is a safe.
Alright, three number three my own folder, and I say slept because that's where the last test right So if I put this test groups, I can test this to make sure it's working, but your Member.
Number we have the two rocks right number, we have a room.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And we have missing, there is a group slash doesn't have a method people, so the default, if you have to put my is good so as I mean that's the gift that I can just come right here and browser get rid of.
misty.
Ruth.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Hello.
Right.
that's because of.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This little testing but they're now in your production stuff.
Karen Fireman: Can you show us that again for a second Jamie.
Karen Fireman: There on your URL.
Karen Fireman: Can you show us.
Karen Fireman: Can you show them we can't see your up top the top.
Right so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You go just.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Just the wrong run this Hello question all the sprint hello, and so in the URL all I did right here is, I put remember 127 001 is my local host.
MS Analytics Class 2021: colon at one number I exposed misty misty service as port 81 because, are they had red wine probably laying for eight years.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so, if I just put a slash that's the route that's the root of our server right, I was ever since.
So.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If you notice the browser when.
MS Analytics Class 2021: When i'm confused with the slash I can enter Microsoft as just remove this last.
Karen Fireman: But.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Not you don't want the slashes silver.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that's what's confusing the best because you say something else that's the route Microsoft edge router just dropped off.
Karen Fireman: So if you put a.
Karen Fireman: slash and then misty said just the Ad at one can you do that right there.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Right.
Karen Fireman: Well, I want to see it again.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To do it here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So maybe not allowed to say that's an error, no.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It isn't ever but it doesn't mean this is all show you're not allowed to this requested euro and universal resource locator girls, and the reason is because, when we go back, we look at our last one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I said to call this URL slash misty you have to do a post and you just put a URL browsing and interest, not a hoax it's again so there's different.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Rest calls gets emotional so we're going to start with, but we're going out.
MS Analytics Class 2021: posters or we're going to send data to MIT.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And they said, if a citizen data to that you're up and get data back so if we go back to here let's go here, this is you got 15 minutes on this and then it was still have questions on Monday.
Karen Fireman: Oh, actually, you were going to go back to the to the doctor thing weren't you the thing we didn't we create an azure account and where we're going to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: say.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Just like concepts and I gave you between now and next week to research, some Cooper daddy's I understand it, and i'll take the first.
MS Analytics Class 2021: sentence very next class next week and just show you how to publish to the container registry, how to make a Cooper daddy's cluster i'll show you all that so, but now we go back to here remember, we had the misty.
MS Analytics Class 2021: we're going to make a post.
Right we're making a request post right So if you look at.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This request package, right here, this is how we can call it's a basic http library icon to make the rest API.
Karen Fireman: Seen right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so we're going to misty we're going to say hey send this json or and say hey we're a post with our json data only post that json data to our service misty service.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know the sky and quality service that's right a slash misty with the json day on the post is oh you're making a post good I recognized.
MS Analytics Class 2021: and running as much mystique i'm gonna take your data you sent me, and if you send me the data in the right way i'm going to i'm going to send back there one college so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: If we go right click run correct following an active window.
MS Analytics Class 2021: There are the works right i'll get back three rows from the classifications.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That make sense.
Karen Fireman: yeah just that you can't get it in the URL because you told me post and that's.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now i'm going to show you next week package call a product called post man and post man it's not a web browser it's an actual free product.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Post man lousy put the URL and so that would be like whatever slash Christie it allows me to dump the json data and a little spot and then hit post and then it will make the post call for me right, but or is that I can use math.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Let me show you one thing real quick i'm gonna do one thing i'm going to go back man prop deployed by docker container why I want to make a change to my one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: file, not one of the changes to do is have a major change that says.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i'm going to make a change to have a third.
After our.
class.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Hello world i'ma say hello.
Right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So now, I have slash slash slash, this is still get.
Karen Fireman: This one is going to show up right this one's going to show up.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So then, instead of freedom so save the file yeah yes, so now, if I deployed.
MS Analytics Class 2021: will actually show you one more thing, before I go to raise.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And again, I all that's running for a second here, and thanks for reminding us please if if I ever speak for more than like an hour.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And like Drake remind me, so I give you guys a break, I could sit here all day, so I checked my remember to give you a break so usually I just got excited to show you guys.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But notice.
MS Analytics Class 2021: That extra boost.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And she works installing that.
Karen Fireman: yeah, so it is the 1.33.
MS Analytics Class 2021: See when it's doing the bill bill goes through all the commands and built all that up now, let me just sit there for the ride.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then, when I did the run command that runs the last line command at the bottom that says hey don't get me started up and when you start it up from that Python the Python run last run up the line.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Is this making sense.
Karen Fireman: We am.
Karen Fireman: And we should end up seeing Betty now.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Let.
me show you one thing.
was working.
So.
Karen Fireman: So when you get that it's it's tied it up.
Aaron and my iPhone.
So I gave you a couple extra commands and I promise you I didn't do this on purpose.
Oh sure I put an arrow here but.
I don't want to actually try to debug ever want to show you this in the deploy.
I have these commands here right.
And what is this Dr logs I can look at the logs of my run and somebody with doctors, yes.
MS Analytics Class 2021: My container to start up for every yeah so see right here at all flooded the container ID So if I.
Karen Fireman: want to sell.
MS Analytics Class 2021: docker docker lost myself as it stands for container.
Karen Fireman: Right yeah.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So if you notice right here identical doctor right here, he gave me my container ID right here.
So I just highlighted and right click the copy it and then what I did is I did.
Dr you know I didn't talk your logs on itself, and I put a container ID and it showed you that APP slash vinny.
there's something wrong in this code right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So this is oh here's the problem, the problem is.
I have the same function twice so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is, I was going to show you these Community that's a lot of books now i'm going to show you why but it sure is pastor bro so I fix this now.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I don't have to remember, Dr P s was my parents don't like containers running.
docker.
container.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Less so my images they're signing rebuild my head is because it's built with that.
Karen Fireman: In.
MS Analytics Class 2021: room I haven't noticed I try to stop it or move it there's nothing really to stop and then Ruby image, so now, if I do deploy again right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now, it should employ it now.
Karen Fireman: This time you'll be able to find it yeah.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Because i'm hopeful.
Karen Fireman: Because.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I was going to show you that man, but i'll show you why you know that come in the Doc the walls, so you can see why right, so I can see that I have an arrow here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I can see why why.
Karen Fireman: Okay, I.
Karen Fireman: Forget don't forget about the docker stuff.
container.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I just want to get to like one slide Just to give you an overview, it gives you a link to a video you can watch so that she can go and learn learn some do some research on Cooper daddy's.
MS Analytics Class 2021: For next class and then i'll finish the slides of Cooper daddy's that there are not but like 10 minutes.
But and then i'll show you.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So, so now baby should be almost done is still building, you can see right here during.
This.
Karen Fireman: It was cool when you showed us where to find the boost thing it's bright in there that's cool.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So now there's the ID right here.
Karen Fireman: right here it's not a different ideas so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I think i'll have to try be ICT was cheering around around the Dr logs hey everything's good so minimize this and i'm gonna put this.
MS Analytics Class 2021: in mind this so you can see, so if I take this and this like this, this right here, so you see this Dr logs now that the containers right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: it's actually it's running and spitting out as you do things so that I can hear you let's just do slash first see how spit out a there was a gift from it, but yet right there, it says a get request came in at slack.
And Hello world.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now, if I come in, if you may notice that a get request spinning and.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Then this goes to show you the news flash.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And says whoa read get misty.
MS Analytics Class 2021: it's telling you hey I get request came in for sauce misty, but I have an air matter is methanol right So you see that, so I can control see out of us.
MS Analytics Class 2021: and the last thing i'll show you in here for a job to one slide on that is this doctor, so you already asked about the minus T that the iot tax interactive cheap I said it gives you a terminal.
I can take this docker.
Exactly it St Vincent that I can connect to this.
So now.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah Linux commands so you don't take Dr.
wow.
Okay, my something's weird this keyboard.
Every time I type in school.
MS Analytics Class 2021: not know what's going on here but remember I showed you.
And then the docker file so when you're working directory slash me copy everything on the local stores that source directory and copying the APP and the container doesn't in the same container.
know is going up to someone.
So if you've never been to the files just the last one I cash department saying by city to study.
And I don't know why it's growing up, this is something here is happening in their lives.
Their life.
So i'm in this command, so this is actually in the container this is.
And I can see what's going on right so i'm going to exit out of it like execute on it and they're.
Karen Fireman: an exit acts that are still wanting to get inside inside their.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Best best this command here here is Dr exactly my psyche.
Karen Fireman: boy.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Here the exact is connected container play around with it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i'll play around Dr larger, so I can watch a lot of my container as.
Karen Fireman: uh huh Thank you.
So.
Much.
As it is.
Karen Fireman: They weren't you going to do.
This over here.
So.
MS Analytics Class 2021: What is the race, I must do a couple slides i'll let you go and then do some research or Cooper daddy's.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I got you something like next week we'll we'll do a container registry and azure.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And i'll show you how to take a docker image deployed into the container registry I show you how to spin up Cooper daddy's cluster and then already go into some services and after that are other ways to deploy Python code and outside of docker.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Rather type of function other type of services that Microsoft provides and some of the services and the Google.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And azure and analysis, so why Cooper nettie so Google started this is board i've mentioned this earlier now as the cloud native computing foundation.
MS Analytics Class 2021: it's Open Source so karate is an open source that K SEC top a lot of times we'll see nourish like that, because Cooper daddy's is K there's eight characters you Dr any tea.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then so so that's what K K s stands for it's nurse shorthand being super hands on type Cooper daddy's to take a class so that's what that is it's just shorthand tell us this shorthand for Cooper daddy's.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It is, and the reason why I exist, so that you can easily build in scale out and deliver applications massive scale super fast, and I mean that's what I mean by that is like.
MS Analytics Class 2021: A Google and Amazon and azure or a company use like reading service they can spin up 1000 containers and just meant.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To all suddenly get a huge influx because she released a new product to the web.
MS Analytics Class 2021: and your Gordon brothers hats, which I really like and they sent out an email for this hat and all sudden they have tons and tons of orders and they didn't scale their website to accept those words and you've seen this right up into.
MS Analytics Class 2021: A thing was like five o'clock restart accepting orders for such and such at 5pm and everybody gets it at 5pm and all sudden it's just hang in there.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then, all of a sudden, like 515 okay well we're life what they did is they took out a few brands cluster running docker containers on our application.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And they said Okay, we have 5000 we thought we needed a scale out another thousand emails anymore I just scale them up right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so you can scale it out it's very portable right so horrible if you mean I was talking about container my dad and so far, I can take those.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Containers because they're all self contained in package together last I can easily move them between devilment to production.
MS Analytics Class 2021: As one little piece, you know, in the past when we wrote code, you know all our code was in like a folder I had all these dependencies and then, when I go push it from Dev rel.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Do my testing environment, I had to make sure I pushed all those files and all those tendencies and I make sure I didn't miss anything now with these docker containers, I can.
MS Analytics Class 2021: put them all together that same image and then just move that image up and all those dependencies and dependencies and all the code and everything is packaged in that image and move that and.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Then you know as cloud technology right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then there's more eXtensible so just a growing collection things people are coding to work it gets to raise make it easier for us to make it more fun making you know better product.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To do a lot of cool things, so the eXtensible means, and then the cloud native technology as your three big ones and i'll have as our pilots out there.
MS Analytics Class 2021: As well right, but the three big ones, the azure the google's the amazons, but if you work in a company that says we don't do that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I want to Cooper daddy's are some have red hat earlier on, by IBM now they have an open shift I should install open shift on your servers and your work and it gives you the Cooper nettie clustering to deploy your Apps to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The last kind of overview, this is this i'll show you the slide this just kind of gives you an overview how it kind of looks, and so what she had she had this kind of master node.
MS Analytics Class 2021: that's controlling everything right and so that no one knows all the different API she knows all the Apps that are on this cluster right and it was all the services that have been deployed to this cluster and manages all the users this at the bottom there that says, etc.
Karen Fireman: you're pointing to stephanie can see i'm.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Sorry.
Karen Fireman: We can see where you're pointing.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah the bottom right here this this is this etc database, this is just like a local database that has all the information about this Cooper daddy's clusters Cooper daddy's software.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so people go and they cause like say let's say I deploy my red wine APP to this cluster I wanted to go into the red wine is okay Cooper daddy's master no nose Oh, the red wine cluster is sitting in this pod over here, and all these containers scaling.
MS Analytics Class 2021: let's just as a high level that makes sense, and so I talked about IP addresses so when you went to the 127 0001 slash basically.
MS Analytics Class 2021: that's just one of my local machine, but with ways to randy's exposing your APP gets exposed to like one IP address to one name but behind the scenes, it can be running.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Thousands millions in google's case billions of containers and that master node and these worker nodes aliens that knows how to proxy and move on us.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So when you come in and saying I need to get a search in Google and it has all those containers running in the background, searching.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Like billions of them, it goes around from that astern into them into these worker pods with your containers to get to that service to give you back your souls does that make sense.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So that's that's the beauty of what you ready i'm ready to go into these right now i'm gonna go on this a little later it's basically the same way, we sent the lines of data.
MS Analytics Class 2021: prediction was not so much survey says it's the same way as we send those life day to get that question, but this is is i'm going to send those lines of data to get back permissions so I go back to the slide here.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I just want to introduce this concept, so that we can take this slide decks are looking at it will go back to the slide deck but so in this diagram right here walking swimming mouse.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You can think of it this API interface master you're sending that data mining predictions to this master node and it says oh you're calling slash wine call an API Oh, I know that this part of the year, has all the containers for the wife.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And I and if they're just copy price, instead of having just the one container that we started with a docker run command.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The Cooper daddy's cluster knows how to control it, they can start thousands of.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You know, for ap is that important that we need to have that kind of scale it's thousands of copies already in a local host and he's could lists and all these.
MS Analytics Class 2021: proxies advisor stuff working on this worker thing it knows when you say about one quality that API that one entry point and those go that pod and just get it all, one of those containers to do your stuff and send it back to you.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And it wouldn't matter which container knows how wrapped up right here, and it keeps track of all that traffic and knows how to route.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So when you go to like google.com so I I started writing web pages 1995.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So i've been writing web pages, for a long time right, I did an html one dot zero in a VI editor by hand and then I published to a full Roman server and when you went to wwe.llc.edu slash.
MS Analytics Class 2021: WW PC vs you or something like that thing there's only one server and Ellis you had that ran the whole issue of our first website was for the Baptist up.
MS Analytics Class 2021: and read it 1995 minutes so much about him the eagle so I really went up from from.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Any website our website that for them personally for like his don henley website, good for kind of like Institute, which is a hesitancy.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Project kinda like here in Texas I started, I wrote the website for the data management stuff that initiative for him, it was cool to actually got the DEMO tool and the so before you rely on laptops so I have a PC.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And a cadillac state hartman's be generator running and they partnered up started PC up until I turned I turned it into a standard.
MS Analytics Class 2021: web page and machine just found out well they didn't put it 220 volt 64 Christopher runs 24 it brought about the lovely in front of all our paperwork.
MS Analytics Class 2021: flipping the papers Well, this is how you get a time but yeah So when I did my first website diaper, but I think our first of all, the bs you literally was a physical server.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so, when you went to that llc.edu it went to that physical server and it's sort of a cakewalk because they retained right and wasn't a lot of traffic package.
MS Analytics Class 2021: you're going to mosaic browser but my next step was a so now you have millions and millions of people in services, so when you go to Google COM it's the one IP address that that resolves the IP address but it's really a virtual IP address and it knows, to go to the Google icon.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Cluster i'm sure Google is using to perhaps they invented that right let's say a new technology or no problem is going to some probably Cooper daddy's cluster that you're going the route of Google i'ma go to some container that Mr about the repeating.
MS Analytics Class 2021: It makes sense, so that's what this technology and all the way to video.
I forgot to check out this morning I was checking the slides.
But.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Any questions.
Karen Fireman: Here, what are we doing it, the YouTube video.
MS Analytics Class 2021: is just making sure it's working.
Karen Fireman: To use it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: up.
Karen Fireman: Are we supposed to go to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Now this is really it's just it's a very good overview of Cooper daddy's terminologies it's just out there is sometimes people explain things better than me right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: it's just a lot of things, but I just put a link up there for a video for you watching their own feelings it's just another another resource to talk about Cooper 90s.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But I was just looking like Karen because I forgot to click on it today, when I was checking the slides again and before I got an email from on the online I clicked on that link and it didn't work I forgot.
Karen Fireman: One, on the other, page you flip to another page a second ago what was that one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: changes.
So.
Karen Fireman: didn't You ask us to start it up what we were going to do, are we going to run those commands that you had commented down and they.
MS Analytics Class 2021: were going to do that now there's a time, but we will do that that's, the first thing I do next week so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then so we're taking like the first 1520 minutes, the next week i'll actually deploy Cooper daddy's cluster I will say the docker image to a container registry i'll do it to the docker hub, and also do it's a natural registry that I create.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then we'll actually take that image that you deploy that as a container registry and deployed out to to raise cluster.
So.
MS Analytics Class 2021: For those of you that are really, really adventurous, and you have to free credits to Microsoft azure and you put your credit cards put your credit card in your on your own if you $1,000 goal, you know that's all me because I just can't remember, but if you read it, he.
Karen Fireman: didn't he didn't ask for clinical.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Care I mean I knew Karen and jack I really appreciate.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I appreciate it, so I didn't ask for a credit card to go sign up for free azure you know go to the portal as her.com or just sign up a you know use your EDU account and it'll give you free credits and here's the thing when you go to a third.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Some of these services are just free to try out to so there isn't going into your credit, and I think even some of the Cooper daddy's even like the wind using this.
MS Analytics Class 2021: element one, I think it might be kind of free to play with, and so the coach city now.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So if you wouldn't be adventurous enough, you can you can install it as your command line interface there's a slider for the light to install that windows and then you can start playing with to start playing with it, you can now i'm not going to help you between now and Thursday clusters.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I will help you after next week because it's not something you do your homework.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I want you to focus on Dr get that over to done for next Thursday and i'll be available to help you with getting that done.
MS Analytics Class 2021: But hopefully this is helpful hopefully you're starting to really see why we got it right, I got this package is when it's got everything I need and so easy to move it right, I can give it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Any I can give him a link to my container registry $1 bill, and you can run my flask APP and do everything right and so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: All right, good.
Karen Fireman: All right, thank you, what did you say we were going to do if we were adventurous though i'm not quite following where.
MS Analytics Class 2021: you're adventurous i'll show you if you're a veteran You see, you have to as.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I have step one step two there, so you want to see will stay around for a few minutes very good.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You have to install the APP or command line interface.
And so, that is.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Thank you, so this slide you have to go download that.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You go to here he's like that many windows windows get the current release install it it's just an executable know scala and once you install it, you can.
You can start playing with this stuff now.
MS Analytics Class 2021: know this, if you start playing with this code don't use my name so next week right, so please change bought 689 like German car or or to care and or to whatever names, but.
Karen Fireman: This it doesn't mean anything.
that's what gets registered into to be.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Registered into the.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Resources they get put into agile so and then, once you start grade all these to start creating wealth and as room and so when you go to a portal.com.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And you log in with your EDU it created.
Karen Fireman: I don't recall them asking us for a password.
MS Analytics Class 2021: mitosis sent you a link where you go create your password.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Actually, it might not be the user EDU.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Am has, I think the.
MS Analytics Class 2021: single sign on setup.
Karen Fireman: that's true.
MS Analytics Class 2021: that's what it am has a single site setup for the education as your stuff.
MS Analytics Class 2021: and
Karen Fireman: Exactly what happened.
MS Analytics Class 2021: So when you start running these commands Oh, she my phone I got approved on my phone my phone vibrates in my pocket when i'm teaching you.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Nice.
Karen Fireman: very nice.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And so until I get right so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Almost Sir anybody ever watch this is, this is what we call the Louisiana along.
Karen Fireman: A little extreme yeah.
MS Analytics Class 2021: yeah so so Karen when you when you go and run these commands.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And the script like step one come in.
MS Analytics Class 2021: At rockin is what's your run that it's actually open a browser and you put your users your as your password and username that browser so pretty little key little token.
MS Analytics Class 2021: into your thing and then, when you do like as her create named Bob the Straits of the resource room and.
MS Analytics Class 2021: i'm ready to go through this next week, but then that resource group is like this is a different one Jamie Jamie.
MS Analytics Class 2021: resource group is where all your as your resources land, yet that looks like a virtual way.
MS Analytics Class 2021: can put your resources together so that's like that's what that commandos right and then this is going to create the container industry where we're going to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: store docker image, this is going to log into that container industry, this has got to get the login server for container registry.
MS Analytics Class 2021: they're going to make some images built we're going to deploy that image to that container registry that we're going to push.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The image to the container registry, the real look at it in that container registry, so now so just being a local she is actually to be in that container registry in the file.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then go to step two, which is halos deployed and Cooper nettie services so, then you can ignore this register you don't need this anomaly.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Then we're going to create our actual this actually creates the uber X cluster one line creative as a group, or a cluster now, this is a note count one you want to keep it that way you're not change that because you change it then you're beginning to.
MS Analytics Class 2021: To you know money right, so one be patient takes a long time they connect.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Your install the command line interface into your Cooper daddy's cluster so you do things then you're configuring your credentials for list the nodes on it and then you're actually deploy your red wine.
MS Analytics Class 2021: mo a red wine image to that uber X cluster and then you're looking at the service and in your intestine.
MS Analytics Class 2021: When you run this get service it's going to put out what the public IP addresses, for your service that's what you put put in here to test it right.
MS Analytics Class 2021: The only thing to notice when you get to this part where he's when you get to this part right here on someone.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Where you start deploying a red wine, you want to make sure that she didn't rain and deploy command for red wine, like my my tests read why I gave you make sure you have that deploy workings of the ginger no.
MS Analytics Class 2021: that's all I was talking about this now right, this is on the cover next week, but for those who don't play I didn't mind staying a few minutes, but you see a step one step two, the only thing I will say is make sure you have as workout don't change these Names and Numbers.
Karen Fireman: One question where we put in, instead of the bond.
Karen Fireman: succeeding nine aka as are.
MS Analytics Class 2021: We just take a.
MS Analytics Class 2021: day and I place it was.
Sharing.
Karen Fireman: That with mine is called or it doesn't matter I can call.
MS Analytics Class 2021: them out every place where it's looking at any of the same thing on this one replace it says bought 69 with Karen 69 and that's all I do, and then the other way, I do it is right here, the three files that are in that folder.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You replace them that's why I say right here all the files, including the spotlight just chased her you know just change that so that's all I did.
Thank you.
Karen Fireman: All right, thank you there's.
MS Analytics Class 2021: A long hope you hope you guys learned some cool stuff and have some fun with docker.
Karen Fireman: Thank you very much.
MS Analytics Class 2021: No worries.
Zuberi, Bilal Mustafa: We will you read our.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Google, we will play with all this next week, I promise.
MS Analytics Class 2021: This is the heart of one.
MS Analytics Class 2021: semester for getting covered right now so we're very good at that weight, the last day of accessing your monkey so.
MS Analytics Class 2021: A lot a lot of fun next week i'll show you some cool stuff and azure some cool service advisor has, and so you have to do some good stuff.
MS Analytics Class 2021: And then we'll do some magic devops the last week and i'll also show you actually i'll show you in junk how to use Python jump y'all do that yet every jumping Python.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Young haven't done that way.
Zuberi, Bilal Mustafa: OK.
MS Analytics Class 2021: I can hear you, I can see your head shake you know, though.
Karen Fireman: No, we didn't do it.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Okay, good so i'll show you how to use Java and Python and then last week we're going to do, I didn't work so i'm going to stop shut down, so this camera can have a life and go home on a rainy holes and i'm going to go home and have a.
MS Analytics Class 2021: A coke zero with a little vanilla cream oil and enjoying my life because I don't work for him and then i'm going to massage tomorrow at 10.
MS Analytics Class 2021: and sleep for about an hour half and relax and think about how much I enjoy teaching audio so I really do hope you guys enjoyed as much as I do, as you can see i'll just keep talking for two hours and I realized you ever break, so please carry.
MS Analytics Class 2021: You seem to be good about reminding me because you know i'm wondering why feeling so anytime you guys make sure remind me so can I.
MS Analytics Class 2021: Ask the lawyer.
MS Analytics Class 2021: cow goes wrong.
MS Analytics Class 2021: you're wrong.